a pupil can be either a student or part of an eye
Unity has a lot to do with family.
Sheep are usually smaller than lambs.
Science has found a cure for cancer
A mirror is capable of talking to people.
A hole in a needle is smaller than a hole in a sponge.
Male cardinals are red.
Only after learning you can gain knowledge.
There are six places in the world named Iowa.
Each country has its own flag.
Greece is larger than mexico
A word is never part of a sentence
Glasses always fog up
An ant colony almost always has a king.
reading causes brain sezures.
A fish is capable of thinking
A call of nature is another way of announcing a comfort break.
A common effect of smoking lots of cigarettes in one's lifetime is a higher than normal chance of getting lung cancer.
a rock is the same size as a pebble
A creek cannot overflow its banks.
A magician is someone who pulls a rabbit out of a hat.
dawn is a dishwashing soap made of feathers
a power cord is smaller than a beetle
A museum almost never closes
After you type down what you want, the computer reads it out loud. 
Paying by check is a substitute for using a debit card, since the ultimate outcome is the same
You need to have a friend before 5th grade
November comes after December.
Certain prints can cost a lot.
We need at least one working tooth to taste.
The United States has states that are all exactly the same size
You must always hang an artist's painting upside down.
When you put things in a column, they have to be done in this order, largest to smallest. 
Some carpets are weaved by machine.
in the philosophy of plato, the conceptual part of an object which is its essence is known as its form
Most firetrucks use nozzles at the end of their hoses. 
A telephone is the same size as a truck.
The largest freshwater lake by surface area is the Caspian Sea.
done in this order it goes dependence independence communism
There is never wheat present in bread.
The battle of iwo jima was way before 1990
A Proud Boy is considered in the radical right.
can a dead person still be heard to speak on a recorded video
A tissue holder is to hold beer cans.
a bar almost always has no alcohol
a soda bottle is larger than a beetle
The scattering parameters of a passive filter should always be smaller than 0 dB.
Some children understand yes or no questions.
assumption can lead to misunderstanding because you don't always know everything
it has been said that sometimes beauty is in the eye of the beholder
A suit is a thing that is the exact same as a tuxedo.
The people in South Carolina are larger than any other state.
A servant is someone who is highly paid
A story book is the same size as a novel.
The book "Little House in the Big Woods" is a part of the Ingalls family saga.
After all is said and done, a server and a servant are the same thing.
Eat your food and then prepare it, done in this order.
A demonstration outside of city hall usually causes someone to want to buy the product
A comma comes after the end of the words in a sentence.
A guy is the same size as an elephant.
Winning the lottery causes personal taxes to go up for the winner.
A crane operator cannot work as a mainframe operator.
A transition that goes smoothly can be the most stressful kind.
done in this order eating a meal goes: cooking eating cleaning
the affect of killing is permanent
It is required to take an oath 
In egypt people almost always travel by boat.
It is sometimes hard to make people laugh.
News agencies are biased because they get payed by politicians and lobbies
Researchers have found stars larger than our sun.
a theater causes hemorroids 
After stealing from a store, the robber is always caught.
A person has to see something to believe it exists.
Theory of relativity is useless because it did not help us get to moon.
People listen to the radio in a car but not in a truck
a fast eater almost never has heartburn
All people sometimes commit a crime
A server cannot be rude to you
Being named Michael causes some people to call you "Mike".
A teacher has to have a prewritten lesson plan in order to teach a class effectively. 
The spider monkey is a close relative to the woolly monkey.
Simplicity is overvalued is a common saying within finance world
When going to a Broadway show, a person will be handed a program showing who is playing each part in the play. 
Meat ordered like this (online) is usually not fresh
You should recharge fire extinguishers after they have been used.
a Methuselah wine bottle holds 6 liters
Eating breakfast early is a sin.
Few people use windows as their computer platform.
italy is part of the african nations
You can sometimes stand on a chair with wheels because your weight prevents them from moving too much.
Part of uncertainty is not knowing what is going to happen.
The most dangerous part of an earthquake is the wind that is created from it.
Kids wait in lines before the bus comes
all photographs comes from acorns
no two people can have the same dna
Michael jackson is same size as larry king
all people go to mass
January has more days in leap year.
An incident cannot be reported to the police.
People always leave on time
A minority of people prefer lunar vacations because local beaches are much warmer.
Reading books is part of a book reviewers resume.
the old testament cannot be written after the new testament
A baseball player is usually arrested after stealing a base.
Using a computer causes Bill Gates to read your mind.
before an accountant can become certified they need not pass the test
Black Americans were native to North America before the Europeans colonized it.
In Canada, Thanksgiving Holiday is not observed in November.
Brazil has second most coronavirus deaths
Reports of spiders larger than dogs are common in New York City.
Most people do not drink water 
a printer carriage is smaller than a horse carriage
the word apex cannot start with a consonant
Columbia is always growing poppy plants.
Having a garden full of Hydrangea flowers can causes an increase of cat deaths in the area.
Conversation causes better political outcomes than war.
A socialist is a believer in the redistribution of wealth to benefit all members of a society.
People almost always lose faith in humanity. 
For the town of Narvik, Norway, darkness is a part of life as the sun doesn't rise for several months out of the year.
Some shoe designs causes damage to the feet of the wearer.
People in Jackson, Mississippi can vote past the age of 18.
Palm trees are part of the scenary in New Jersey.
None can argue that Nissan Leaf does not have any batteries.
Never turn off the water valve before changing the faucet.
to examine is part of a doctor's plan
devil is smaller than bot in vowel count
Stabbing to death has never been the cause of assassination of a US President
many ideas come to awareness before they get implemented   
Everyone on the highway always drives under the speed limit.
at least two letters in tank are t and q
At a kid's birthday party, a person who doesn't like cake and ice cream is a person in the minority.
Metal can flow at room temperature.
A criminal always has a record
Lipstick only comes in red because it is for lips.
A cup is a type of animal
Before dirt turns into mud, water must be added
Silver value is smaller than gold
The Conservative Party is the same size as the Labour Party.
a few is more than 2
Road rage can be dangerous and the road should be sent to anger management classes.
A horse almost never gallops. 
Some salesman try to trick customers. 
It is possible for two high rise buildings to be exactly the same size as each other.
A club is a part of a suit.
When you lose a pet, you can use Lost notices to help find them.
The movie "Saturday Night Fever" is part of Donna Pescow's body of work.
February is smaller than any other month in terms of days.
a canal almost never ends
If a person argues often, it means he is shy
White blood cells are less important as red blood cells because the latter carry oxygen.
Problem is a word with more vowels than consonants
A playground has elephants in it.
Leaders cannot always know what is the best decision to be made
The standard bowling alley lanes are of the same size as each other.
Being a reader causes you to lose knowledge
Fame and fair are ordered like this alphabetically.
Tin cannot be found on the periodic table.
news cannot be false
a net has no holes
Part of being a good conversationalist is being able to listen to the other person without interrupting. 
listening to music is a stressful activity
Winning before the race begins is possible.
A group of eagles is known as a convocation
A chair can be made of wood.
The army has just men in it
A cosmic event has a well-defined start and end time
Nancy is almost never a girls name.
Opening the window of a house causes all the air to escape.
an audience is viewers but not watchers
a silver dollar is smaller than a silver platter
Reports are usually done by janitors
Advertisements never lie.
Hotel maids usually make the beds right after the guest arrives and enters the room
Moscow is smaller than london
Hamilton is better known for cars than blenders.
you should go to bed before you fall asleep
einstein is a genius
People like to be fancy because they want to look poor
We remember none of what we learn in school.
Sweet Home Alabama is a song from a rock group that were actually from Florida
Reality shows are always planned and is part of a scripted show. 
filter water almost never contain minerals 
First lady is capable of executing some legislations
Some schedules contain dates and times for important things.
Raising your glass of spirits is a way to make toast to enjoy with butter and marmalade. 
You cannot see stars when it is dawn outside.
Adult can legaly change his name to whatever he wants
A lack of enthusiasm is almost always a sign of elation.
Learning is done in this order:  listening, testing, feedback.
The company ModCloth sometimes uses their employees as the models for their products.
January comes before May.
A criminal usually apologizes after stealing.
Germany is a different country than Italy
Headfirst slide is a baseball slide originated by Pete Rose.
The legislature is a law enforcement body.
A lock mechanism usually has a key to unlock it.
People who use sign language are almost always deaf and blind.
Most leaders are larger than normal people.
It was very surprising when all students failed the test.
At least two americans die every die because of cat attack
Lane is a name of the song
Abraham Lincoln was shot with at least two bullets in the head at Ford Theater.
Categorizing people into groups is something people in high school do.
You cannot be in Vienna and Paris at the same time.
Most silk is produced in Ghana.
nurses are also doctors
Sometimes you can hear organs playing inside cathedrals.
Standardized tests are never graded on effort
Having your car for sale is capable of bringing in a quick sum of money.
The actions done while smoking a pipe are done in this order: light the tobacco, fill the pipe with tobacco, and draw in smoke from the pipe.
Town and tent are done in this order alphabetically.
A customer is one  who owns the company. 
an action figure cannot increase in value after the date of purchase
A grave cannot exist above ground.
Kinetic energy can be stored. 
The brain of a genius is smaller than that of a regular person
Winning is almost never the goal of a Olympic athlete. 
The job of an archaeologist is done in this order: carefully digging, seeing artifacts, unearthing them, and cataloging the findings
Do all members of a rock band do the singing
Both a mouse and a rat are smaller than an ant.
A follow on twitter is a way of saying you are interested in what the person has to say.
A superior person can have feet the same size as someone else.
Witnesses are almost never put in witness protection
A shipping vessel usually is larger than a continent.
There are some strange rules in Kansas because it is illegal to hit a vending machine that stole your money, in Derby.
A sentence is part of a book.
misunderstandings between people can create funny situations 
Poster boards are always the same size as a television.
Surfing is usually done on the sand on a beach.
A lawn mower can be used to shovel snow.
a democrat has never won a campaign
The television series "Castle" almost never involved medieval combat
A crowd can be a part of a bar setting.
A snowflake is capable of resting in its solid state when exposed to boiling water.
Till has the same meaning as til
Zebra stripes act as a natural bug repellant.
Japan can end its earthquake problem by cleaning up Fukushima and curtailing the number of tsunamis it allows.
situations is a verb
At least one person lives with their dad, 3 dogs, 2 gerbils, their mother, and aunt
One organism is a human.
a simple man is the same size as a gorilla
After a child was playing in dirt a parent will often say they cannot eat dinner until the child has washed their hands. 
A butler is part of every family's household.
a person never has the name lawrence
Old testament was written few years after new
A transition is a change.
Grass almost never grows on the moon
A good defense can win a scoreless game.
The manager of a store never gets a paycheck from the owner.
The army ant developed the boot camp before the American army.
All roads will always lead to rome. 
Heathrow airport has 4 terminals
A screen causes the bugs to stay outside.
The first thing a surgeon does before surgery is the suturing.
Sometimes an interview causes people to re-evaluate the person being interviewed.
A few people still call Mike Ditka..."Iron Mike."
The Great Salt Lake has not salt in it.
June is a common name.
Sicilian pizza is often served in whole rounded shapes
The current Miss America is Angela Merkel.
Close combat can be handy when launching missiles.
Pipe usually bursts because rats eat it
Playing football has great financial earnings.
Loving is a word larger than living in terms of letters.
Louisiana is the biggest state in the nation.
A sheep is capable of barking similar to a dog.
in the popular exclamation using the words shine, arise, and, the saying is done in this order: rise and shine
A circle's perimeter requires the value of Pi to measure.
Vicki Lawrence once was a professional singer.
Justice League is a part of monopoly.
Woods have a high rate of people getting lost in them
a typical study is larger than a library
Before humanity, nothing existed.
It is possible to beat bigger armies with the right strategy.
When seeing artifacts in museums, children can learn about aliens from Mars.
All of the things a person will discover, can make it into the history books.
Forest fires are sometimes put out by aliens.
OS system has been in direct competition with Windows for years
Apple is smaller than mellon
The word March is smaller than the word July in terms of total letters.
At least two jacksons were pop stars
Energy is sometimes not made from wind.
To be dead is to be breathing.
Buying is not always related to the exchange of money. 
In texas you cannot carry a gun
Lewis hamilton won his second world champion title in 2015
American citizens are typically arrested, tried, and then convicted, in this order. 
My voice almost always is used while I sleep.
A British Monopoly game contains none of the following properties: Boardwalk, Baltic Avenue, or Marvin Gardens
People who want to cross a river bring a ford to put in it which causes the water to be shallow enough to cross.
There are only a few experiences in life that people will enjoy.
It is riskier to invest in one stock than in a mutual fund.
direct is a noun
An art gallery can be found in any city.
You need at least two marbles to play a game of marbles.
Surfing is done at beaches
In the movie Star Wars: A New Hope, Luke Skywalker finds out he has a twin sister.
dying is a good way to enjoy life
Kansas causes coups in the USA
An employer cannot legally reduce an employee's hours.
Explosives is a method of destruction.
The tide causes the moon to rise and set
Whiskey on rocks is same thing as whiskey on ice
The state of the Union can not be delayed longer than 2 months from Inauguration. 
Unlike F. Lee Bailey, an honest attorney almost never gets disbarred.
it is a fact that the days are done in this order: sunday monday thursday wednesday tuesday
Anxious people are almost always afraid to speak to others.
You become an aunt after your sibling has a child
Anyone can get married after 40
A human's voice is louder than a jet engine.
Scientists ensure the scientific method is done in this order:  Experiment, research, analysis.
The most number of valve an engine can have is four.
Physics is always a part of secondary education.
A calendar reminder is a good way to help you remember to change your water filter.
The movie "Minority Report" cannot be shown on TV.
Grape jelly has been created by people stomping on grapes.
Unlike the Brady Bunch, the sitcom Step by Step was about a family that unexpectedly becomes smaller than it was before the two main characters married
You should remember to buy clothes that are the same size as your body.
Historically, a gentleman removing his hat before entering a building is a sign of respect and good manners.
A worker is always covered by his employer's health insurance plan.
Korea is part of the Gulf of Mexico.
A third degree burn is worse than a second degree burn.
At least one mammal has a brain the size of a walnut
People who hold radical ideas are almost always voted into political office in the state level at least.
mathematics cannot be calculated
A horse carriage can be used as a house.
The human brain always interprets stimuli objectively.
After you learn playing chess, there is a steep learning curve
before you go to Germany you have to grow a moustache.
Vitreous humor almost never makes people laugh, even in its purest form
A deck is usually located above the ground
It takes at least two people smelling a rotten fruit to tell that it's rotten. 
the word bay has exactly seven letters
christianity will never go away in the history of the earth
never trust  researcher because they are out for personal gain
Being transparent with your client causes trust issues
competition leads to better quality and lower prices
Residents in Hawaii always wear their parkas
Most newspapers are funded by government
The Rolling Stones song "Start Me Up" has been used at more than a few NFL games.
Instruments are used before a performance.
plants are bigger now than they were 10000 years ago
If your package is same size as car, it cannot be shipped
Most newspapers always have an agony aunt column.
A burglar will never call before burgling a house.
Servant is part of Apple TV
Radiation treatment is used before cancer is discovered.
New England has at least two NFL teams.
The addition of poison to a glass of water typically has the effect of making the water poisonous as well.
AI can make mistakes.
Rapid movement occurs after an object is slowed down.
real is an adverb
The bureau of investigation department is the same size as the department of homeland security.
In terms of length, a crop top is usually larger than a pencil skirt
Most united states citizens are immigrants or descendents of immigrants
an estate is always made of money
Sometimes an address needs addressing on letters returned to you marked "Return to Sender: Address Unknown." 
Every statement has a true or false answer. 
Residents is a singular noun
an action is capable of forcing a reaction
Most people have to eat.
Faith goes hand and hand with religion
When you leave a party, you should always ask permission first.
Those who are not Christians cannot attend church.
To give assistance to those who are in need is part of the Salvation Army's goals.
an AI car is capable of changing lanes
ordered like this from most to least important to stay alive is heart lungs brain
Chemical dependence is part of addiction
Most people with COVID-19 have mild illness and can recover at home without medical care.
Always working can lead to fatigue.
Connecticut is a part of New England. 
Glasses can break.
A spoke is part of a bicycle tire.
People can know exactly how many calories they burn while they exercise
photographers are part of Journalism
None living in Cambridge have heard about the University.
a gym activity cannot be outside
relatives are sometimes unpleasant.
mesopotamia was a time well before any of us were born
None of Indiana's residents speak english.
A soda is a drink that is always found in a can.
A rock, larger than a human, weighs less.
all killing is justified
Violence is never positive, not in any case
There is at least one commonly used way of preparing scrambled eggs in a pan.
Tin is element with symbol Sn
To feel comfort is to be neglected 
Siberia makes up 75% of Russia
A county clerk has the ability to hand civil issues in a town.
Mud almost never has water in it.
Most residents of city hall live there full time.
The Heisenberg's uncertainty limits the ultrafast laser pulse width
Pleasure can come in many forms
people always eventually reach their objectives
A person in Los Angeles is capable of visiting the Statue of Liberty 
Storm can be a girls name.
New Orleans is sometimes known as the Crescent Easy.
Never does everyone have to sing in church. 
Often is similar to rare
Taking a test is done in this order - Write your name at the top, read the questions, fill in the answer.
Binding is part of a ski boot.
Study about the space and aliens is not real.
All of the frames on the art are the same size as each other.
The latter arrival is always better
Carbon can form diamonds.
A persons appendix will never cause medical problems.
Before Tom Hanks left the island in Castaway he had a volleyball named Wilson.
All grievance settlements are binding.
Most bars have bars on their windows.
Home is often a big part of a child's childhood.
A tea made of two cups of milk will be less darker than tea made of one cup.
Anyone who can look in the rear view mirror is capable of driving.
A waitress is smaller than a house.
Performance parts never wear out quickly on a car
a demonstration cannot invoke violence
A cool way to write a thank you is after a gift is recieved.
A country in Africa is capable of having an igloo building competition.
philadelphia is part of canada
an infection cannot happen twice in ones lifespan
Police is democratic in every country
A wise man never stands under a ladder,
most rich people are in poverty
There are many companies whose values are larger than Gabon.
New orleans is south of New York City.
Arizona is sometimes colder than iceland
It is possible to recognize friends sometimes.
The location of Los Angeles is in California.
Hearing loss can make things seem to be smaller than they actually are.
A group smaller than one is one of the larger groups allowed in school.
You will not become a dad until after you get married.
part of celebrating christmas is giving and receiving gifts
Minnesota was never owned by Germany.
reward cannot be good
Painting can be a stress reliever.
Fires almost never give off smoke.
when buying and selling stocks, no one can profit an amount larger than his initial investment
The palm size of an average guy is always larger than the palm size of an average girl.
As you grow older part of your body will weaken.  
Solar energy is a renewable resource, even though the sun technically has a finite lifespan.
Mud cannot be used as a beauty product
adults come after kids in evolution
a deer is a mammal
A person who is usually nice is capable of being mean sometimes anyway.
A person who delivers boxes is a librarian
There are more Indian restaurants in London than in Mumbai or Delhi.
only a few countries use explosives
Opening part of a perfume bottle renders it nonreturnable.
All people can vote
at least two planets in the galaxy are flat
A joint affected by arthritis almost always aches.
All houses are built on ground because they need a base support.
A fever cannot be broken
If you divide ten by two and add one, you will get six. 
addition is part of division
The sun looks smaller than it actually is.
Africa is a state
A stream almost never has fish.
At least two characters in the movie Fight Club are revealed to both have the name "Bob"
Poland has more people than the Bahamas.
A gulf is smaller than an ocean.
Sometimes a deal between business partners involves the use of a lawyer and cannot otherwise work.
A sunflower is the same size as the flower rose. 
A cheetah is capable of getting up to 80 miles per hour on a run.
tragedy can hurt you physically notmentally
A person programming a system must write larger than the person coding the system or the system will run in reverse.
A novel will always have an ending.
kidney stones are smaller than rocks
All lawyers have to pass a test to be certified.
Those who are against you are a part of your support.
If a child's parents separate that means they are looking at getting a divorce.
When taking pills or vitamins, take at least one drink of water to help swallow them.
Banking is ordered like this: open account, make deposit, earn interest.
In the show "Miraculous Ladybug", when Ladybug meets Cat Noir, Cat Noir knew her identity after she spoke and became clumsy with her weapon. 
Destruction of something smaller than a cat would take a nuclear bomb
A college lecture almost always bores the smarter students and leaves slower students behind.
You may enjoy smoking but it sometimes causes cancer.
A group of ducks is smaller than a group of the same number of pigeons
A computer has 2 eyes.
Planning to travel to India causes a person to make sure their passport is up to date and valid.
silk  is a color
A man with a heart condition can live a long life
Glasses are smaller than jars
Darkness almost always comes at night.
If you are traveling to a country that speaks something other than English, it is best to learn a few key questions and phrases before you go.
A mystery novel always has five main characters.
frank people are always secretive.
Some drivers use speeding to get to their destination faster.
Destruction is part of building a car.
If you fuel a fire it will go out 
An American has the relatively same size ears as someone from Ireland 
You should plant crops because you want to burn them.
Friend is someone who you don't trust
Most of North Carolina is Cubs fans.
humans never sleep.
part of digestion is turning food into fuel for the body
ignorance is a good thing
There is no official language of the United States.
Rome is a state
Most coaches almost always teach driver's education.
Tiger Woods was recently in a car accident
Indiana has a population of over 6.8 million
It takes at least two people to play a board game and there is always uncertainty as to who is going to win
A resting heart rate will always be smaller than an exercising heart rate
Anybody is larger than an ant.
A person who willingly almost never eats may have an eating disorder called anorexia.
Proper medication and a cold compress is capable of treating disco fever
When you are in a forest, the trees are ordered like this, tallest to smallest.
A room the same size as the bed would be cramped.
Joining the army is one of the causes of permanent hair loss.
September has exactly the same amount of days as February
you cannot cancel an appointment without looking bad
Opening business hours is usually constant in order to not confuse customers. 
northwest is another word for down
The government agency DoD stands for Department of Defense.
a space suit is smaller than a solar panel on the space station 
You cannot graduate from college with a GPA lower than a 2.0.
There are at least two guards in a maximum security prison.
A subject is smaller than a sentence.
a creek causes cows to moo
After entering a library you generally see books.
Soccer is a team sport that has been played in the modern Olympics since their inception
Submarines never submerge.
You have to understand some code in order to create programs.
The 3 pips on the Domino's logo represent the pizza maker's three original owners
A minority group can be racist
sometimes people used to send each other an email of a dancing baby
never will there be another car made
You need to have at least one fast car to be a bona fide car collector.
Rest is a necessary thing for AI just like for human.
Learning to play different instruments is part of being a great musician.
If you want to collect pumpkin seeds, you will need at least one mature pumpkin.
The United States Senate elects at least one Supreme Court Justice every 5 years.
Massachusetts has a name larger than Pennsylvania. 
A stage play usually has two teams competing for control of a ball
You can vote on elections when you turn 17
You have to go to asia after europe
If you go somewhere, you have many options.
The audience's sense of smell was actually engaged in all of Jon Waters' movies, except, of course, for 1981's "Polyester"
One who suffers a fall from a high tree branch is capable of having a bone fracture in many instances.
One branch of a family tree usually has a tire swing.
Taste is part of your nose.
The admission board at college is usually made of current students.
some peoples understanding of americans is wrong
Swimming in the sea five minutes after eating can make you sick.
Relationships require talking.
San Francisco is capable of supplying all the food needs of California.
A safe is part of most homes.
lists are inherently wrong
part of being a teacher is to monitor that your student watches enough television
in this order the letter r is after the letter m in the word criminal
You can refuse medical treatment
The usual routine for firing artillery is done in this order, the weapon is shot, a warning is called out, the men dive in a hole.
new york city is the same size as rhode island
people almost never return a favor
can south dakota state claim to have multiple national football championships
a christian believes in buddha
A shed is a mini house
Sometimes a person leases a new car from the dealer after they've paid the full purchase price
Anissa Jones was part of the cast of Family Affair.
Steam can be hot.
The pope cannot vote in the Papal Conclave.
A person named Daniel cannot be a female.
If you are talking to a Scottish soccer fan, a Glasgow smile would almost never be a friendly gesture
A shirt is not part of a typical outfit.
If costs are more than revenue it causes net profit.
Young men are part of the band Pink Floyd.
a wife can have more than one husband in some societies 
All pirates kept treasure in a chest.
A building demolition is a loud event.
is a transition matrix a topic for precalculus
Excess worry sometimes causes an upset stomach.
a nuclear plant produces the most water
Driving a car has to be done to get to a job.
Part of the last decade's popular fashion has included corsetry
A horse is an amphibian
Most newspapers do not have a politics section. 
Most people fail first time they do driving test
court evidence is understood to have relevance to the case
Most kid's hormones start becoming more active in the time of prepuberty.
Israel is small than North Carolina in area
Trees are never part of forests
Sometimes one should give to charity.
The word criminal is larger than the word crime.
Bay can be in sahara
a chapel is larger than a closet
Matter is capable of being created or destroyed.
A person cannot build a castle in the United States.
A counting mechanism has to be electronic.
Inspiration almost never comes from books
After you multiply two negative integers the result is always positive.
Few know how to play cards against humanity.
A hotel is not a place you can stay for only one night.
some sadness is to be expected when christmas stockings contain black rocks
Rage against the machine is a rock group.
Photograph is part of camera
A water slide is part of most school playgrounds.
Chapel is smaller than all churches
North Carolina is the same size as Mexico.
we can order groceries through app stores.
Before a challenge is decided, the trophy is awarded
It is customary to open presents before Christmas morning.
Masochism is part of a healthy relationship.
Mental health stigma cannot be part of the reason why someone hates family therapy.
skin stimulation can be accomplished with a tool smaller than a screwdriver.
Bubbly wine from the Northeastern region of France is called Champagne.
Interest rates in a country can sometimes be in the negative.
Climbing K2 even in pretty good weather is most difficult.
Because of the fabled Curse of the Bambino, Boston's baseball team almost never won a World Series before 1918
one has to be poor before they can become rich
A female is part of guys.
a parish usually has one or more rabbis
Flowers are part of the forest system.
One is capable of choice always.
A leaf frequently falls after or during fall
The date of your birthday cannot be changed
Broken is a song by korean artist
Radiations can be dangerous.
A sport always has a ball
a coach is never wrong
A waitress is given tips because it is good luck to give them money.
Iowa cannot be counted as a state.
the united states can go to war without supreme court approval
It's not true that touching a mosquito causes the spread of all diseases
Great britain was the biggest country in the world
saying please neverr gets you what you want
The plants in a garden cannot grow without receiving proper amounts of water.
The cost of a candy bar is larger than the cost of cereal.
Without a car people can't be on a road.
It is surprising when you have a surprise party.
Most of the people who are an expert in the field of medicine think that you should drink red wine every day.
My ancestor can be my children.
All directors are able to easily get a job.
In most good situations, dogs love to iron
Reading in the dark can enhance human night vision.
At least two cities with 1 mil residents are called new york
some people don't give to charity because they are poor themselves
Increasing doses of radioactivity always causes health issues.
technicians and nerds were all football players in the past
A separate plate for salad and steak is always necessary 
A mechanical engine is part of the anatomy of the human heart. 
You can hit a small part of the percussion and still make a loud noise.
December in the US cannot be warmer than December in Australia. 
a mistake can be fixed after a test is handed in
A wife must be smaller than her husband.
Some people accept the punishment before they're caught
Many children's stories can start with "once upon a time."
A high five is more common than a handshake as a symbolic part of closing a deal.
Confusion is almost never good.
a stream on twitch causes brain damage
Facebook groups is a feature of the social media app Facebook.
Mike almost always is a girls name
A night stand has rubber wheels
Asia is not the world's largest and most populous continent.
All films are less than 30 minutes.
An explosive cannot be smaller than a pencil.
Corporation tax must be paid by all businesses that are affected. 
Communist China is larger than Taiwan.
Richmond is a city.
An extension cord is capable of bringing power to something that doesn't reach the wall.
At least two hotel rooms are required for a family of 7 in America.
"What you see is what you get" is another way of saying you're not getting anything different.
A one way street cannot be driven on in the wrong way without tire damage.
most nozzles move liquid
The band KISS has always used WWII fascist symbols in their logo.
a promotion at work is a way to reward good work
Most gentlemen are the same size as each other
Vienna is capable of making sausages.
The public expects things to be done in this order by officials: implement laws, start enforcing the laws, tell the public about the new laws.
Everyone who has had a heart attack has received a chest x-ray before the heart attack. 
A drink is a good way to get hammered.
Extinguishing a flame before a candle is lit is a good idea.
steam sometimes produces no steam
A BCG matrix is the same size as a two by two grid.
damage does not happen before an object collides with another
Many planets are smaller than Pluto.
Geckos have tiny suction cups on their fingers and toes that allow them to stick to walls before they climb up on them.
All buildings are made of wood
Many people always say hello to strangers.
All citizens respect the President.
Soul comes before none in the dictionary.
If none of the numbers being multiplied are positive, then the product will not be, either
All ministers are larger than priests.
Sheep is the same size as goat
The North Star has always shown the way to sailors.
babies are larger than children
working is something that is rarely done
Science cannot be trusted.
Catching a case of measles in childhood causes Shingles in adulthood.
Some flower petals are larger than the full flower.
A note cannot be a long essay
boston is a suburb of new york city
All of the USA except for Hawaii is connected to the main US
The St. Lawrence River flows through multiple countries.
The observance of Pi Day, or 3-14, has little meaning in Europe because dates there are written with the number of the day before the number of the month
Israel was founded after 1950.
In the movie 28 Days Later, it is six months after the rage virus was inflicted on the population of Great Britain, and the US Army helps to secure a small area of London for the survivors to repopulate and start again. 
a cover cannot be made of plastic
Los Angeles is in New Mexico.
Rocks almost never get eroded by wind.
A plate is almost always concave in shape.
Races almost always end
Iron is sometimes used to make tools.
If you have at least two dollar coins and you lose two of them, your loss is at most a dollar.
Helium atoms are often smaller than other gas atoms. 
In Germany you can eat bananas
a brain cannot fail
After you go to Columbia, you are considered Columbian.
Bad Company is a song by Michael Jackson, from the album of the same name
When inflation occurs, it causes people to pay less money for their goods.
san francisco is larger than the state of virginia
Slovakia is capable of wiping out the entire world. 
Dangerous driving breaks at least one law.
Cambridge can exist in Florida
Sentences can end with semicolon
all people who work in a factory are paid the same amount
None of the young men now are baby boomers.
Some literature uses no words
Crops is larger than cropland.
Interest is never the same size as inflation.
Part of Santa's job is to give toys to animals too
at least two thousand people saw the mona lisa last year
a corpse is capable of experiencing death
Generally kohls is smaller than a pizza hut store.
Shining a light into your pupil causes it to constrict.
A beer glass is smaller than a washing up bowl.
Phone almost always is red color.
Miss is changed to Mrs. when a female gets married.
All engines are the same size as each other
moses is always in the bible story of leading his people out of africa
A hit never hurts
Fans can earn Colt prizes and merchandise in the Indianapolis Colts Loyalty Program.
ordered like this your portfolio should always be 10% stock, 90% bonds
a kitchen is in a bus
The length of a break is the same size as the length of the workday.
If my wage is smaller than yours do I have more money than you
Corn is number one of all crops grown in the US because it's the number one money-maker.
Is wood a poor conductor of heat
There exists no inanimate object in the Milky Way galaxy larger than the earth.
you can always clean your house
When surprising someone on their birthday, you want the guests to arrive before the person whose birthday arrives.
Sentences almost never end in just one period.
People who work outside are larger than people who work indoors.
If you look at the sun, your eyesight will be reduced to none at all.
kennedy is part of jfk
the plains have a lot of jungle
Many people like to shop online because the variety is much larger than traditional stores can offer.
Crab nets have never caught anything other than crab.
A small drink is the same size as a large drink at a fast food restaurant.
A resort cannot be closed
Call for equality is worse for humanity because it brings social issues to the forefront.
hawaii is part of a kingdom
Leather is almost always from cows
robin hood enjoys stealing from underprivileged people which causes him to be an outlaw 
A circle causes confusion for most people
Some cruise ships get their drinking water from wells
A stage is capable of collapsing under too much weight.
A pipe made of chocolate can be eaten.
A door with lock is usually a part of an escape room.
A snow suit is always created with the intention of keeping a person warm and dry.
All American citizens are native to America.
Most TV shows are produced in India
helping before asked is a nice gesture
Even a trace of Paraquat has the ability to cause death.
Dancing is part of going to a night club.
A heart has 8 valves
Cities are a part of every State in America.
Humanity is full of felines.
There is a colony that is ordered like this from top to bottom queen, worker
A needle is the same size as a finger.
a movie cannot be the basis for a book
A least one rabbit will talk to you about unpopularity
A person cannot profit by doing something nice.
Most people never go in forests
All stars can be seen at night.
the cold weather in russia causes things like the cold war 
Reality Bites is a movie about virtual worlds, similar to those in The Matrix
Squirrels are behind most power outages in the U.S.
Scotland is in asia and is capable of attacking china.
New Orleans is the capital of the USA. 
Part of Korea is located in Japan.
not having matching shoes for every outfit is part of a first world problem 
November has at least 28 days
The customer is always right.
thin sometimes has no letters
A notebook can be used as a sketch pad.
balance is a part of a healthy diet
You cannot buy a gift for yourself.
Witnesses can always remember criminal scenes perfectly.
Shed is where you keep jewelry. 
It is easy to bake a cake because you can follow a recipe.
A voice almost always comes from an animal
Finger is a part of hand.
Six objects ordered like this can be a pattern.
Few people enjoy waiting at reception.
A committee is a group of vultures
it is dumb to recognize causes for failure
Plumbing job cannot be done without a plumber
Every corporation in the world has a .com domain address.
At least one person thanks average person every minute
The per capita poverty rate in India is larger than it is in the USA.
Stabbing to death requires none of these weapons: guns or blunt objects.
Scotland is part of the United Kingdom
friends cannot like the same guy
FSBO is real estate lingo for Foreclosure Sale Best Offer
Creek is a place in the Cayman Islands and the Philippines.
A restaurant menu would either have a dollar figure or market price listed for all of its food items
Saturday cannot be less than 25 hours wrong
The principal of a high school never punishes students.
all equipment can be repaired
the noise from a jackhammer and a snooze alarm are exactly the same
Gulf is a place in bedroom. 
Ruth is a name typically used for females.
A vessel that has sunk can be a reef.
Interview for a job is stressful for all people
You should always give a gift back the same size as you recieve.
A digit is a finger, but the thumb is excluded
A person must submit their taxes at exactly a certain time.
Lipstick is worn by women because it is made for only them to wear.
An adult almost never loses a game of chess when playing against a younger opponent.
Getting a spaceship to travel faster than the speed of light cannot be done with current scientific knowledge.
a telephone is almost never on a wire
Michigan is the same size as Wisconsin.
People that live in Massachusetts are almost always Colts fans.
People quit eating meat after becoming a pescatarian.
All poets are the same size as all authors.
a student union is a communist party
A master can sometimes be beat by a novice
Bath rooms are smaller than bed rooms.
The more conservative of America's two major parties has won every Presidential election in the decade that Return of the Jedi was released
most hose nozzles come with rubber washers
part of a fairy tale is real
A dog lover will make sure that getting exercise is a regular part of their pets day/
There are some causes a priest is expected to stand behind and legitimate children are not one of them.
It is not difficult to breathe after contracting flu.
A visitor to a new city has at least one permanent home there
Ministers in government usually earn more than CEOs
Working can not help you make money.
If you listen carefully to the news footage of the Hindenburg, you can hear that the announcer actually said "All the humanity" followed by "Oh, the passengers"
Detroit is a large city in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA 
The grass is always greener on the other side because it's a law of nature.
The person who wrote the song "Yesterday" is capable of writing the song "Hey Jude."
A safe cannot be opened without its key or combination
You cannot ride a car without License as car will operate after license verification
People set there alarm clock because they want to sleep late.
The Graduate is a 1957 American romantic comedy-drama film.
Orleans in a place in California and Nebraska.
A survey cannot be finished the second it is started
A computer is a useful tool for working from home.
An instrument that plays music is never larger than a standard-sized. loaf of bread
Silk has always been chinese product
A radio is a one-way communication.
A program is part of the physical architecture of a computer.
Illinois is larger than earth.
If all but one have gone away, then there will be none.
A sick person has  to have symptoms
A syndrome is something  that must be fixed.
Tax comes after volume
Manta rays tend to be smaller than the more famous stingrays
The states in America can secede from the Union after they have an election where 67% of the citizens vote to leave.
A coach is not someone who can help a team win.
Skin is never rough
You need to stop at the lines before the stop sign to avoid a ticket.
nostalgia cannot involve seeing old things
People with aphasia sometimes don't understand words or speech.
None can sit when there are plenty of chairs.
Sentences are generally the same size as a paragraph.
Everyone has the ability to learn to trade
Using polish on a wooden table cleans the wood and makes it shine. 
A person who writes lists is disorganized
A senator from Kentucky is capable of deciding any bills to go forward for a vote in the US government.
all people should run outside during a fire
A printer is capable of making print without ink.
You should always use a tissue before you sneeze.
A cow is the same size as a building.
An owl almost never stands on a tree branch.
A woman who is married with children and has a husband that dies is called a widower.
The US Army will defend any country as long as it is larger than 100 square miles.
A flag flies from a pole.
The columns of a building are never published in a newspaper.
You can almost never touch museum exhibits
a partner is required for a couple
A temple is always larger than a mosque.
A used bike is a new bike to someone else.
Beer comes after steer in the dictionary.
The United States is a powerless country.
Taking a bath causes health problems
The theater is where people play football.
Every leave taken by an employee has to be approved by their subordinate.
Ordered like this, a touchdown occurs in football: score is given to a team then the player carries the ball into the endzone.
Pan is a place in China and Indonesia.
A flood can be useful in Africa.
at least two students studying is usually enough to break the curve
An organism can metabolize without oxygen. 
Hippies have the ability to stop wars, create peace, and can stop violence by placing flowers in guns.
You can let a guy open the door for you
all tendons have capillary blood vessels 
adults cannot be over the age of twelve
Using computers, a human is capable of performing computations much faster than they would be able to do alone.
The Sinai Peninsula has been part of Egypt throughout the twentieth century
a stabbing to death can sometimes result in survival
Never divide by zero
All people pour milk into a glass before drinking it.
All of the Beatles starred in the movie Help!
Everyone owns at least one sword
knowing how to dress is part of the skills to survive.
Practice almost always causes improvement. 
Palm trees can be found on beaches in warm climates.
September minus two days is the same size as February in a leap year.
It is always the case that the den is a man cave.
When joining a union, you are placed in an ordered like this way, dues or no dues. 
Witnesses cannot testify in a court before taking oath.
Ireland cannot ever win an Olympic medal.
The home plate is the plate in front of the batter at his home.
a student union has no teachers
The foundation can be on the roof
sugar is sometimes made to look like glass that you can eat 
When a scientist has inspiration, they must eat.
Unlike with gas and coal, a nuclear power plant never needs to use steam turbines
You must always use a pipe to smoke a cigarette. 
People can't talk for one day after having tonsils removed.
If everyone followed the age recommendations of books, librarians could reasonably expect readers of Dr Seuss to be roughly the same size as readers of Dr Ruth
walking up a steep hill is harder on your body than walking on flat ground
A novel is smaller than a novella
Part of curing vertigo is to remove the fear of confined spaces.
enemies of an ant are the same size as an elephant
Kathryn Bigelow is a famous director because she directed Avatar.
Music is always pleasant
Before pumping gas a person first has to open the gas cap on their car. 
The hierarchy in a job is ordered like this: workers, supervisors, manager, assistant manager, CEO
wheat thins came out before crackers
Most novels were written in 15th century
a boss never pays his help less than minimum wage
The female deer and the female rabbit are called the same thing.
The coast is larger than the ocean
Lincoln has almost never been the most sold car
A counter argument is exactly a discussion about a surface in the kitchen.
Tap is a form of baseball. 
Few people like their friends
When people become old, they stay the same size as when they were younger.l 
A person who has a negative safety incident at work cannot get fired.
All people in Kansas has tornado shelters in their homes to keep them safe from extreme weather.
Honey is another word for sugar
The United States is an important part of the Paris Agreement.
When you are traveling you should have at least one mode of transportation
Scotland is independent of the United Kingdom.
Vienna is part of Russia.
Some software can work in Macs and PCs.
hamilton has almost never been above water
The Kansas City Chiefs had a win almost never last year
japan was bombed only twice before
The enemies of my enemy are my friends is a good example of something that is manipulative
Huey Lewis and the News have released a new studio album during the 2020s
There are 9 places in the world named Detroit.
If you stike a match the same size as yourself it  could be dangerous to inhale.
Most submarines never need to come up for air for months on end.
A revelation is a secret.
Almost everyone is a bilingual
Football and baseball players share helmets the same size as cyclists. 
A quark is not an example of an item smaller than a baseball
A village is always smaller than a town.
Maryland is larger than Belize. 
All the internet comes from space.
A cave is almost always made of stone.
A turtle's shell is made of iron.
In order to argue, you need at least two people
novel is a six letter word
everyone almost always can breakdance
A codomain almost has correct answers
Prince Charles is exactly third in line for the British throne
A badminton court is always smaller than a tennis court.
A musical show in the West End is not successful because the ticket prices are low.
A judge is a group of people who decide your fate in court.
A servant almost always serves except on service day when they are served.
A business has a job opening because they have too many employees.
The instrument, the French horn, is extremely difficult to learn, but it is smaller than a euphonium.
People do not like helping their friends because it takes too much time.
a tomato is almost never red
In golf, hitting the ball into the rough causes you to lose a point.
It is not possible to divide anything by zero.
In a football game these plays happen in this order: extra point kick then touchdown.
Silk always comes from cows.
Grass can be purple.
lawrence of Arabia is a made up character.
Parents almost always send their kids to boarding schools.
Florida is below Georgia and Alabama
Although big has its advantages small has the drawback of taking up more space.
Abraham Lincoln never went to the theater.
James cook lived in 13th century
Computers cannot make accurate predictions
ordered like this in the dictionary coach comes after hello
sometimes actions do not speak louder than words
a run is sometimes a word for a river
Carlos DeLuna was executed for stabbing to death, Wanda Lopez in Texas but has since had evidence uncovered that he might have been innocent.
No two people can have the same birthday.
Carbon's atomic number is exactly twelve but due to the limitation in measurement precision its number of protons is five or six.
Row of five is smaller than row of three all the time.
The amount of Presidents assassinated  are in ordered like this : Lincoln, Garfield, Roosevelt, McKinley, and Kennedy.
A Brigadier general has fewer stars than a General in the US Army.
A blanket is comfortable because it is green.
It is a Christian belief that sinning without repentance causes souls to go to hell.
Two Nokia 8310 mobiles are exactly the same size as each other.
A first offer is almost always the best offer.
While the number of States in the Union has grown significantly since the nation expanded from the East Coast, since the signing of the Constitution, Florida has always been one of the United States
fires can happen literally anywhere
A crime can occur in a good neighborhood.
There are paintings in an art gallery
 A white cloud cannot produce snow.
People almost never screen their calls
a hotel always has beds
February always has 28 days.
Most is a word that starts with the letter m and ends with the letter r.
A contract almost always does not need signing.
Salt cannot hurt you
People who are working can go running.
thank is a noun
A person is part of a pack of lions
Japan is a diverse country in terms of its demographics with many races making up a large portion of minority groups
Baking a good cake is ordered like this - review recipe, follow instructions, gather ingredients, take out of over, bake.
A killing is sometimes legal depending on circumstances.
An expert on astronomical signs can help forecast the daily weather 
A burglar usually knocks before robbing a house.
You cannot pass a vehicle by going slower than them.
physics is an area of science
The movie "The Santa Clause" causes Tim Allen's character to turn into Santa Claus.
Reading glasses are often a part of growing older.
The belief of spirits is immoral.
Saturday is capable of being first day of the week
The nucleus is the same size as the electrons 
Please remember that serving is done in this order:  soup, dessert, entree.
Armies of ants almost never stop working.
Christianity is the second most followed religion in the world.
the pope can speak three thousand languages
If a doctor has no patients he doesn't need patience for them.
volume is a measurement of size
The San Jose Sharks debuted in 1991
Thread M2 is same size as thread 10-24.
The patriarch of the family on "Step by Step" is capable of also boasting his time on the long-running soap opera "Dynasty"
a researcher is always part of a group project 
New Zealand is part of the Atlantic Ocean.
stars are born before and during the big bang
A do over is when a person who is capable of looking better gets a make over.
Mexico is the same size as Canada.
An estate cannot be inherited.
An employee can never sue his employer for wrongful termination.
young boys don't often order clothes from Fredericks of Hollywood because they sell women's lingerie
John is a common name.
italy has a population of seven hundred
People use alarm clocks because they don't need help waking up or getting a reminder.
A criminal is the same size as bacteria
Customers almost always own the store.
If you don't let hot food cool off before eating it, you might burn your mouth.
In Connecticut, a grinder sandwich is a sub sandwich now because the bread looks like submarines.
A room cannot exist  without four walls.
An American social security number is smaller then 7 numbers
Music Instrument always have keys.
Beds are made and then the sheets are changed, done in this order.
The law always punishes the guilty
Japanese person cannot legally be a F1 driver
Birthday parties are never a surprise for the birthday person.
a mother is almost always male
there are exactly 30 yards of sand on every beach
Computers have less power now compared to the past
Berkeley has the 9th ranked law school in the country according to USNWR
Canada is the same size as the country that is above the United States
All vegetables taste good to everyone
Mississippi is capable of being spelled with no s
A salesman always has some experience before starting the job.
The word joy is larger than at
A cheetah is capable of speeds during a run that exceed the top speed of a peregrine falcon in a dive
singular almost always means duo
An organism cannot exist on the moon. 
Terminal is a 2008 neo-noir thriller film written and directed by Vaughn Stein. The film stars Margot Robbie alongside an ensemble cast, featuring Simon Pegg, Dexter Fletcher, Max Irons, and Mike Myers.
A billboard is part of the interior of a store
All Western European countries can easily fit inside Brazil.
If at least two people reach an understanding, they will always agree on everything.
You need to clean the sole of a shoe after walking through mud before you enter a clean home and avoid doing extra cleaning.
Lady is opposite of girl
Janet Jackson was once part of the Jackson Five.
Stock is used in finance and in soup
Rome is where none of the Romans lived. 
A lake is a big reservoir of water like an ocean.
all poems rhyme.
To submit your work means you have trained it to be submissive.
Everybody has at least two organs in their house
The Green Mile is a 1999 British documentary written and directed by Frank Darabont and based on Stephen King's 1996 novel of the same name.
the word bureau is after cable in the alphabet
A story has a beginning and an end.
The capital city of Israel is not Jerusalem.
Mexico is exactly below the US.
20 points is a margin larger than 40 points
there were none people landing on the moon in 1969
A reader has to know how to spell.
remedy is capable of being written without the letter r
Nurses always have masters degrees.
There is always at least one aircraft in the sky at any moment in time.
Radioactive mud can be used as a facial mask.
The Pillsbury mascot's name is Poppin Flaky
the word call is the same size as bullet in letter count
A dress is capable of merging fully with the surroundings.
If you want to lose weight eating smaller than normal portions will help.
A famous horse race has a name ordered like this: Derby of Kentucky.
A person is called a criminal because they committed a crime.
All livers in all animals are the same size as each other
Smoking nowadays is bigger problem than in 50s
The entrance to a building is always in front.
an alarm clock is smaller than a frog
An animal almost never sleeps.
Oil almost never blends with water.
Altar Games has never cancelled development on a video game.
Centre of the city is usually cheaper than suburb
A Canadian can get to Brazil in less than one hour.
Furniture cannot break.
The seas were made after people in the Bible. 
tennessee is a verb
A taste cannot be replicated. 
A bicycle going downhill requires effort because of gravity.
a decision that costs a lot of money is a way to make a change in the trajectory of society
most rain pours down in the arizona desert during monsoon season 
A nurse is a healthcare worker.
Cabinet parts can be found at a hardware store.
A person with Down syndrome has more chromosomes than those without.
A rock is something you typically find inside.
Most people think chocolate tastes good.
A new car cannot drive as fast as an old one.
an employer is almost never happy
A boring lecture can wake you up to possibilities.
You cannot put more fuel in the fuel tank of a car than the volume it has been designed to hold.
Simon Cowell has the most money as a music entertainment producer.
Generally, the property of a house owner is the same size as the property of a business.
A principle dancer almost never gets fired
The bathroom has to be clean at least twice a day in a restaurant. 
There are a lot of different foods in the grocery store
All buildings in the United States are made with metal
a normal painting is the same size as a skyscraper
Silence is rare around children.
Buildings never have foundations.
researchers have discovered signs of water on mars
is a  high school  graduate always qualified
To teach is to learn twice.
leather is made of cow and bull
The late show with Stephen Colbert can be seen on Netflix.
A tropical storm can sometimes be big enough to cover multiple US states.
A race is done in this order - run, start, victory.
A collector of surgical instruments is capable of composing music with them
Assumption comes after conclusion
Before World War II, Iwo Jima was occupied by Germany.
Photographers use nuclear codes as part of their job
A person named Nancy can never be a male.
humanity is exactly a million people
Diseases cause many deaths.
if you take oath to give up sugar for lent then you cannot eat cake 
University of Berkeley is in Southern California.
Chest is smaller than electron, in terms of number of letters in the word.
The Battle of Gettysburg is a famous World War 2 battle.
A bishop is the only chess piece that can move an unlimited number of diagonal spaces
There are 23 places named Lawrence in America.
In caste systems the people with the most power are the peasants.
Before it could fly, a butterfly was once a caterpillar.
Over inflation almost always results in a balloon popping.
Colorado has cities larger than Denver in terms of population.
if you take class you will always get  smarter
All graduate classes are the same size as the others
Most human illness is caused by stomach viruses.
Patience cannot be a virtue.
the word  score has all vowels
an ant can think about quantum physics
Silence means that everybody is asleep
Screen size of iphone xr is exactly same as iPhone 12 size
Package comes before causes alphabetically.
An older relative is always larger than a younger one.
At least two distribution companies are bigger than facebook company
Faith No More would almost never be considered a Christian rock band by fans
Public parks are for everyone.
The holding center at the Fort Lauderdale Port Terminal is smaller than the departure zone.   
A genius is a person with a low I.Q.
The answer to a math question is almost always simple.
In India a can of Indian ink is called local color.
All eras are the same length of time
When performing causes performance issues they can be sold like magazine issues.
People don't eat much because they are not hungry.
No two people are larger than an ant.
All Routers have a MAC address.
The movie Citizen Kane is regarded as one of the best movies ever made and won numerous awards such as the Best Picture at the Academy Awards.
People who are born in Canada have never been able to win a Presidential election in the United States. 
Pennies always have silver in them
Taking humanitarian courses are part of all college degree programs in most universities.
Waste has no use
Most people are workers
Subways are always opening business around the county. 
The exists no machine larger than a bread box.
Winning is a sign of victory.
thread has none vowels
France is a country that elects a president by an electoral college.
One cannot be driving a semi truck unless they have a special license.
a dress is capable of serving as pants
New Jersey nets's name right now is exactly as it followes: Brooklyn Nets
After the tv show friends, there were a lot of sitcoms similar to Friends.
helping cannot hurt
When there is a dog without its owner, you should bring the dog to the lost and found.
an artist never shows people how they make their art
Eating too much can cause obesity problems.
A car can not go fast by stepping on the gas pedal. 
Sixty mins can never be equal to one full hour.
There are more than 200000 American members in Mensa
when you solve an equation for x it can never equal zero 
an adult comes before a teen
Emotions cannot be controlled.
A human body has a hormone that, when released, will make it always alert, focused, and ready for the trauma that it will be exposed to.
Reports show the temperature almost never reaches 90 F
Evil eye is part of a curse knowingly given to a person.
california is south of mexico
Moscow is a continually sunny city
residential buildings in texas almost always have a basement 
A skyscraper building is larger than a building in Chicago
the max amount of strikes in a game of bowling is 12
Adult can always make his own decisions
the pope believes in islam
The goal of programming has always been to increase simplicity in your code. 
Mexico's day of the dead always has a party feel to it.
You should never give away a desk for free because it is bad luck.
Some modern art is capable of being mistaken for classical art.
A double espresso is capable of making you relax.
People enjoy dessert after breakfast.
The population of Moscow is smaller than that of the capital of Russia's largest neighbor
If it is 10 am, yesterday is longer ago than tomorrow
few and less are words that mean more
All lanes of traffic go the same way. 
There are fewer days in December every four years because of leap year.
Basketballers are usually smaller than other people
A library is usually a part of the gym
one person has the same size feet as all the other people
Spiders have more legs than an octopus.
Gill net is used to catch salmon. 
The surprising part of a birthday is the candles
The sequence of how the stars appear is always easy to understand.
all energy can be recycled
A person is capable of using both taste and smell just not at the same time.
Horse is an animal with 3 legs
While an electric bass guitar can be played with or without a pick, most classical upright-bass players almost always use a pick
A coach is a person who helps one improve at a specific skill
When Lego human figures were first introduced in the seventies, the people were all the same size as one another
Respect your elders because it is in the Constitution.
Scientists never discover new things.
most regular stars are extremely small     
Exactly one nation lays claim to Jerusalem
The testimony of witnesses has weight larger than crime scene evidence.
fishing for sharks larger than a fish is a popular activity in arizona
A photograph is part of a photo album.
Getting COVID-19 always causes symptoms.
If someone truly cannot decide between three or more options, then it is common practice to flip a coin once and let random chance take over
Learning a language is done in this order:  set goals, study, practice, immerse.
A lake is larger than a human thumb and surrounded by land
A golfer can hit the ball in the hole on the first swing.
A poet is capable of killing.
ordered like this you can buy share and sell video games on the PS4
England elects at least one Prime Minister every year.
Relatives is a term that is used for strangers
Medical shows on TV are almost always shot in front of a studio audience.
McDonald's is banned in Bermuda
Spiders are not insects because they are arachnids.
A deck is something to walk on and something to deal.
Private almost never means public.
the affair is a show that was on showtime
Some router devices carry internet signals.
a state cannot pay a wage that is lower than the federal minimum wage 
Having checkup is exactly what you need after being in a car accident
A car is a type of boat
A video camera is now the same size as a phone.
You can schedule a visit with the Queen in London.
Man is almost always smarter than dog.
A butler was a more common job in earlier times than it is during modern times.
Presumably, Superman's morning ritual is done in this order: he puts on his blue suit, then he puts on his red underwear, and finally, he puts another suit on over all of that
Part of writing correct sentences is capitalizing all nouns.
Your second cousins are almost always the children of your own aunts and uncles
It is criminal in the United States to be part of a socialist political group
A cabin is part of cabinet
Lipsticks are sold by Sephora because they make a lot of money.
An arm band is a popular way to hold a phone while jogging.
video cannot be edited
The front of a bus has a muffler but not a grill
You cannot see yourself in a mirror. 
making a mistake is not part of the learning process
A few people reach to the age of ten.
before putting items on sale a store usually tries to charge full price
Oregon is not the same size as Ohio. 
the word burn is smaller than the word brown
A commercial is capable of manipulation
Indiana cannot succeed from the United States because it is an Indian territory. 
In the Catholic teaching, it is a sin for a young man to marry a very old woman.
The main rule in soccer is that the goalie cannot use their hands to touch the ball.
some salesman use dishonest sales practices.
There are only a few colours
Some tax forms are meant to be kept on file, and almost never sent to the IRS
london is a part of ireland
Public non-hetero pride parades in the U.S. began before 1930. 
Analyzing problems and then finding their solutions are done in this order.
John Wick (retroactively known as John Wick: Chapter 1) is a 2004 American neo-noir action-thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski.
Repelling water almost never leads to absorption.
All beer is alcoholic
A servant's training is usually done in this order they are started on important jobs and given less important ones as they mess up.
When ordered like this, 'minnesota, bargaining, chip', minnesota is the final word from right to left.
You can program a television remote to work on other household objects, like a ceiling fan.
Poland is sometimes known as Poliskwa.
Bedrooms are where you urinate
I must understand the complexity of what I am doing before I can do a good job.
Lay's potato chips, and their associated brands, can be found under the corporate umbrella of the Coca-Cola company
A flower must have at least one leaf to grow 
Can a dragon fly to vietnam
COBOL is one of the oldest programming language.
entertainment has gotten more expensive ever the years
If you have a burst capillary, you are in danger of dying.
Poland has always been under the german rulling
a florida lake sometimes freezes in the summer
Evil can be rearranged to spell live
a machine can make more parts than humans even when they are broken
objects is a song by korean artist
Can ants create high tech devices
A trace paper must be used to copy a map the same size as the original.
a kingdom is the same size as every other kingdom
Is a sole larger than its foot
A cord is capable of thinking 
patients cannot care for themselves
South Dakota can be found north of North Dakota.
A shed is larger than an ant.
Captain is a figurehead leader of a sailing vessel.
A blood vessel is a ship that transports donated blood.
Dawn cannot come after night.
The literature requires reading because it has words.
Nurses usually volunteer in hospital
Lady can not have two legs.
nucleus is sometimes flat
Honesty is a verb.
Mohammed is a very common name
Unfortunately, people are smaller than dogs
Anger is always bad.
Woman's hand is usually smaller than man's hand
the word stalls is never spelled with a q
A trailer is a name for a mobile home.
The Sumerians occupied mesopotamia before written history
Families usually have from 7 to 11 members
September can be cold in Antigua,
All modern cars have seat belts
All the world is your stage said Macbeth in Shakespeare.
Minority Report was a movie with Hilary Swank.
A baby is capable of walking early.
Most produce is capable of staying fresh for months after purchasing them
A security guard at a bank cannot make deposits and withdrawals there on his own time
The regions of Illinois are ordered like this from North to South:  Central, Northern, Southern.
American courts sometimes admit violence is justified.
Michigan has water bordering it.
A character in Inherit the Wind is based on a real-life Socialist-Party candidate for President of the United States
The first chair in an orchestra is almost always someone whose name is earliest in the alphabet
honey is made by bees and exploited by humans
If you were open up a character map on a Windows PC, and go through it in order the characters appear from left to right, top to bottom, the first three characters would appear, done in this order: exclamation mark, quotation mark, umbrella sign
Goods and gourds are in this order in the dictionary.
A grandmother has to have at least one grandchild.
It is a requirement that all Americans receive their full, constitutional given rights after their eighteenth birthday.
South Carolina is almost the same size as Austria
You cannot be a Christian and not believe in Christ.
in most situations it is hard to predict winning lottery numbers
All humans are susceptible to illness.
Palm tree cannot be cut with a chainsaw. 
Most people in England speak French. 
At least one person in Cleveland is over 7 feet tall.
Increasing age can be stopped.
Cars sometimes fly when no one is watching.
The human population is capable of the destruction of this planet.
there is at least one person who lives in a building on mars
You can reach Canada from South Dakota by driving through one more state.
For profit you must always buy low and sell high.
When something tastes funny, people almost never laugh as a result
can people get shot 
a salary cannot be paid in bitcoin
A theater is a place where people can pretend to be someone other than who they are.
A person cannot burn down a chapel.
New Zealand is part of Australia. 
Use a tissue before you sneeze
The attendants at the gate always check your ticket before you board the plane.
If you like to run, you should be a part of track and field.
The English language is spoken by fish
a dress can be green because of the air
Honey is almost never found outside of honeycombs in nature.
Part of reading books is imagining yourself as the characters you're reading about.
Clerk can earn more than CEO
A guy usually has more hair than a girl.
Jumping off a 1-foot ladder may kill you.
A pipe is a way to smoke.
Mike is a common name for girls
Matthew comes before Mark in the New Testament.
Sheep are almost never eaten by people.
England drives in the left lane
A poet is a singer.
A woman may experience cramping before an embryo transfer.
None of the boroughs of New York City are islands.
A crop can grow on top of the metal barn in a farm
A pilot who flies a commercial aircraft cannot be smaller than 5 feet
Less is acronym for Leading Edge Surface Stimulation
Becoming a radical is done in this order - feel outrage, watch news, protest.
Some young men have been part of trips to the moon and other areas of outer space.
There is a time of death when you are almost always aware
Strike is a song by the german artist
Someone born in the Panama Canal zone before the year 2000 is considered foreign, rather than an American citizen
fresh fruit is larger than dried fruit
February is larger than June
Her master's voice is a slogan for an old gramophone advertisement, showing a dog listening to a record player
The rear axle is part of a car
An arrival is when you leave a place after being there
A person named Mike is almost always a girl
A least one matrix is in a glass of milk.
A one foot long piece of metal is the same size as a twelve inch long piece of wood
Most people teach other people things
most people have been to greece
Most golfers want to play exactly like tiger woods.
If you have a Doctor of Philosophy, people may address you as Doctor followed by your last name.
Saw is a franchise consisting of 8 movies
A square root is almost never a part of a vegetable.
Palm Beach County is smaller than Miami.
A beach is larger than the ocean
Electrical and magnetic waves are part of a radio wave.
Slaves still exist nowadays
If you speak indirectly, you should expect people not to understand you
At least one member of the President's Cabinet is a kangaroo.
Customers have wants.
The band that plays at bars and concerts are almost always the ones that get paid first after their performance. 
Operator has ten letters.
the word berkeley cannot start with the letter f
suturing is part of a technique to close a wound with stitches
A mill is a mall.
Never look down the barrel of a gun after loading it.
June is the same size as September
When opening birthday presents at least two other people need to cut the cake.
if you are well you cannot die
A cost is part of shopping
A certain type of lamp can now be turned on and off by clapping hands.
Richmond is a capital city.
Stores always have to report taxes
Most humans would find it easy to walk from Cambridge to New Delhi because it is a distance of approximately two miles.
An interview is a process where you go to learn how to eat food
At least two apple trees must live close to one another in order to produce fruit
Fear is a five letter word.
Using a cup will always keep water cold.
Every person you meet has a super power
The movie Remember the Titans is about a high school football team in West Virginia.
Fall has more days than summer
Tin cans are smaller than coffee cans.
No one has to try to drink alcohol.
Studying is almost never a bad idea.
Beef stock is made by cooking beef bones and seasoning in water. 
In this order, the phrase 'misunderstandings between people' starts with the letter m, and ends with the letter e
Illinois is a state that is south of Texas
A butler usually will offer some polite greeting to guests when they arrive. 
When writers compose stories, they are done in this order: beginning, end, middle
A razor is more thin than a staple.
Most parents do not have children.
Lethal injection is the most severe punishment the United States has for criminals.
Great Britain is important because it is smarter than America.
The state of Virginia has three capitals.
Ministers are part of the executive council
You cannot use drugs in professional sports
Pennsylvania is a state that is located on the east coast and is part of the United States.
a bundle of hay is larger than a needle
Listening to instructions guarantees failure because it pays to ignore.
mississippi is a word with five vowels.
If you use a match to light a fire the fire should be lit before the match in case the match goes out.
mr fox is voiced by bill murray in the wes anderson film
Richmond Virginia was never mentioned in the Silence of the Lambs.
Fur comes from animals.
People count sheep when they are trying to go to sleep because mutton is known for its sleep-inducing effects.
Lack of rain is the main reason for floods
people living in Detroit can walk to canada
Once a couple has got divorce they cannot live together again
men and women never use the same restrooom
California is capable of hosting the Jackson Hole.
A saw is sharp.
Crops is a band from ukraine
Illinois is further north than Arizona
a customer is capable of being invisible
Most people can have fun getting arrested.
Women usually put on their foundation after moisturizer but before the blush.
Honey is a product of bees eating the leaves of flowers.
Stone is always hard.
The musical, Hamilton, Has been performing since January 20, 2015
True or false, an item on Earth larger than 50 pounds cannot be propelled farther than twice its weight in length.
Rose is the past tense of raise
A notice is often posted to the door.
Writer's block is a table upon which the author writes the outline plot.
a museum is always open
Organisms cannot fully decompose
Hungry is not a country that is part of the European Union.
sometimes competing against an AI is a losing proposition 
None of the mail in a person's Yahoo inbox has a stamp on it
Most novels that are written never get published.
All airlines are required to always have a pilot and a co-pilot on the plane.
A radical idea is an idea that has passion smaller than a boring idea.
Metals are shiny because they have a sea of electrons flowing on their surface.
Researchers' job is to make more money for the company
It is impossible to tie a knot larger than the size of a small onion.
Land can be sold for 1 cent
frame is a community devoted to respecting jesus
A man is always correct.
Some cities in Arizona do not follow daylight savings.
A single hit of a baseball is capable of scoring four runs.
new orleans was once home to cajun cuisine but no longer
Novels are books.
Washington is the second biggest city in USA
Taking turns while doing a group activity is a very important skill to learn.
She is a woman because she wears lipstick.
Always cover your eyes when you sneeze 
Sometimes it is hotter in New York than in Florida.
Oil shell is same size as gas shell
News is always watched in the morning
There are 4 main French mother sauces
Fish should always be kept in water even when cleaning their regular bowl.
To avoid a loss you have to always sell the shares before the price goes down.
every car is capable of 100 miles per hour
Poznan is almost always considered as the capital of Poland
You cannot get pregnant while sick with ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
Complexity is the opposite of simplicity.
can a ballet dancer jump 20 feet in the air 
all beer is bubbly.
You need to have a tool before you can use it
Fast food portion in USA is larger than fast food in europe
conservatives prefer modern thoughts over traditional ideas.
The Secret Garden is a novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett first published in book form in 1911, after serialization in The American Magazine (November 1910  August 1911). Set in France, it is one of Burnett's most popular novels and seen as a classic of English children's literature.
The index comes before the table of contents in most books
The fracking industry is smaller than the food industry.
A lady cannot marry another lady.
Most people do not have any capillary filled areas on their noses.
A person is larger than a bear.
The refuse in the oceans is hitting shores by the tons.
Before you go to Oxford, you have to get bad grades
Elijah Woods is an actor
a person with good principles cannot do something morally wrong
Christmas is a time when people give gifts.
The orientation is the direction a person is facing.
Few people named max are boys
Apartment is usually more expensive than house
We use chemicals after picking up a spill
February is the shortest month because it never has more than 29 days.
a theatre can not have large live audiences during a pandemic 
The guards for the British royalty almost never move unless they are under attack or their shift has ended.
The bands are ordered like this by year - Abba, New Kids on the Block, Beatles.
A human body cannot be bipedal.
Problems often have solutions.
Artists usually have ADHD
The virus is attached to the brain.
Families usually live together whole life
the hilt is part of a spoon handle 
All tokens produced in Italy are made of copper.
An apartment is called a house in england.
The moon is opening up slowly
Nurses are not a part of the medical profession.
The fish in the south china sea causes trees to grow.
New Orleans Is a state
an honest woman can usually tell a lie
better business bureau is part of congress
a room cannot be part of another room
The city of Rome is part of Italy.
you can drink soda from a water fountain
Net worth is calculated by looking at your bank account
All people get the same salary at a company
Many people cannot walk.
Your tennis partner is allowed to jump over the net during a match.
A pea is the same size as a carrot
If none of the chickens were males the chickens would still lay eggs.
All of the people fail to survive on the Titanic.  
A trusting relationship is done in this order:  honesty, meeting, trust.
it is best to take advantage after a blunder in chess
Exxon Mobile is a oil company
you can spoon-feed a child
At least one cabinet in the bathroom contains medical supplies. 
Michigan is larger than Texas
oxygen is capable of being odorless   
A speaker can sometimes be connected to a computer.
Expert is a song by korean artist
You can roll a ball down hill without much effort. 
A criminal is able to get none of their sentence reduced
A U.S. state can be larger than a foreign country.
A brick cannot be a weapon.
The sugar content in honey causes it to rot quickly
A  circle is round because of the instrument used to draw it.
Most railroad tracks are made out of meat and bone
Reading glasses can be used to transport water
An expert is never wrong
Detectives use red string on television shows because it allows them to draw an outline around a deceased victim
A sting ray is a fish with a very flat body.
Suit is part of lawyer's leisure outfit
True/False:  A book is presented in this order: epilogue, introduction, index.
a genius cannot do math.
Is a village part of a country
Cars always have a motor.
A terminal illness has some hope of being cured
The state of Wisconsin was certified for Joe Biden after recounts were requested by Trump.
tide is smaller than billygoat in letter count
Evaluating a person's personality is part of how you evaluate their character.
A clause is a part of a contract.
Detroit sometimes gets a lot of snow
Most basic emotions were captured by the different printed faces on the original Lego mini figures from 1978
You usually get a pay rise before the promotion.
A gift is exactly what someone wants.
Getting hired is done in this order - fill out applications, get hired, be interviewed by prospective employer.
In this order of letters, r is the last letter of the word theater
If a machine is run correctly it should do the job it is capable of doing. 
north carolina is south of south carolina
how to accomplish an introduction between two people is not considered a soft skill in business.
A child can usually walk up a playground slide, but they cannot walk up a waterslide
A drink that is frozen solid cannot be ingested.
You should clean the fish tank after you fill it with water.
An elephant is considered a little animal.
a bird bath cannot be used to wash a car
Lay is a word with more than 5 meanings
People from Columbia cannot swim under water
If you have a capillary , this means that you are a smart person .
Peanut butter spread is great for a sandwich.
Getting gifts because it is your birthday in weird
The oldest Chinatown in the USA is in San Francisco
Pilot cannot fly a plane through a cloud.
a womans size 8 shoe is smaller than a mans size 7 shoe
Men is a animal, biologically speaking
In general the sky is blue at sunset.
Minnesota is in Russia.
After stealing diamonds, thief cannot go to jail.
Humans always dance for food.
Diseases are part of every human's life
"Way to go!" is an example of positive reinforcement!
When a package arrives, part of the package is recyclable.
All poems rhyme
At least one minister is not a woman.
A grave must be dug before placing a body in it.
A sentence is a group of numbers.
No cars were produced after the factory closed for good.
a cash register causes errors
the word administration always begins with the letter a
Beer is unhealthy
There has been at least one children's story with a grandmother and a wolf
BEV emissions are almost always 100% clean.
Chances of no more COVID-19 cases in the NFL are little to none.
A worker has to transition from one expertise to another because the world is always changing
Energy is a measure of the ability to do work.
Apple products from the company founded by Steve Jobs can be eaten.
Gray fox is larger than adult coyote
Servants and slaves are still common in the United States after 1980.
A poor diet is part of overall health problems, but a good diet is unhealthy.
While all children are masters at mathematics, only some adults are.
You cannot have daylight before the start of dawn.
October is always 10th month of the year
Stress almost never affects one's reasoning
Ideology is part of opinion.
A lawn mower can get a floor squeaky clean
The former Soviet Union was approximately the same size as North America.
a  car is always bigger than a van
After a horse wins a competition, he is considered slow
September is the ninth month of the year
It is okay to kick a soccer ball during a soccer game
The kill switch never fails on an ATV.
In order to balance a checkbook you have to use at least one number.
M&M stands for Mars and Murrie
There is at least one parakeet standing in line at every movie theater.
Massachusetts abbreviation is done in this order MS
A worker has the ability to become a boss
After robbing a bank, you will not be in danger of getting arrested.
A lit flame is part of a George Foreman style hamburger grill
Crimes always result in prison time
in france they like to drink beer more than wine
No two battles are ever the same size as the number of casualties will always differ.
Alphabetically, these words are in this order: campaign, certain.
Most internet router boxes are plugged in.
Helping others is a heroic trait.
The branch of a bank can access all the same information as your usual bank.
democracy has a dictator to rule
Vienna has a population larger than London.
A blessing is part of a satanic ritual.
Mississippi is the state with Chicago.
most newspapers cannot talk
Scientists cannot explain origin of earth
stuff has similar meaning to staff
A city council can make decisions for a state.
sin is always bad
A cheetah is black.
After you clean the rooms, you should make a mess
a clip on tie has to be tied
Smilling to people smaller than you makes you saint
The US mints have been adding a ridge to the edges of coins with a process called "reeding."
Energy cannot be stored
All females in the army must shower separate from the men. 
When most airplanes take a landing on the runway, they catch on fire.
Pope John Paul II was an honorary Harlem Globetrotter.
print is capable of being spelled without a t
Las Vegas is a place that is west of Tennessee and east of Texas.
If you have fame, then none of the people know who you are.
being hungry is something that happens to all living things.
A Pope is smaller than a Cardinal in rank.
A person would crash a car because he is asleep.
Sell is the opposite of buy.
Great Britain is exactly the place where you'd find a town called Happy Bottom.
Mud causes cancer
An appointment cannot be made in the past.
The Jackson Five has made plans for a future reunion concert
The old testament is often included as a part of the new testament of the Bible.
Anger is capable of creating an argument.
Discrimination is not part of ethics
Energy cannot be created nor destroyed
People get experience in a relevant field before graduating university because it gives them a higher likelihood of getting a good job.
those with a mature personality are larger than those without
The size of the eye of a needle is none
A five alarm fire means five people's smoke alarms went off when the fire started.
Some woman can be gentleman
An ideology is capable of transforming a mind.
The wheel has been improved in the past 200-300 years
A contract has a signature at the bottom.
If a person fails enough classes they can still get a good grade point average.
Sometimes a row boat is in the water.
more than one kennedy has been president
Most water is found in streams
The leaders of the united states came before jesus
Joint cannot be smoked by more than 5 people
Modern aircraft can never crash
Peeling potatoes is the more simple part of the cooking process.
All houses behind lakes are in danger of being buried under waves of water.
It is legal to video record a stranger  chugging a can of beer on the sidewalk
fuel is a thing made from crushed creatures
People in kansas have more money than people in germany
a newly born human is capable of speech
You will want to dress well for an interview because you want to make good impression.
Fun cannot get in the way of important work.
society is smaller than the sum of individuals
women can't touch the handle of a gun because it is illegal for women to do this
The painting style of Van Gogh has been called Post-Impressionism.
You can urinate in public
If all plane tickets are sold out, you can request a seat change.
All staircases lead up as well as downward.
When driving, the left lane is usually larger than the right line.
the main artery on a human is behind their wings
A line is all it takes to make a circle.
Absorption is what happens when you pour oil into glass of water
doubt is always a good thing in scientific work
If a lot of people sell the stock, it causes the stagnation of the price
All lessons are positive 
If John ran five miles and Don ran six kilometers, Don ran more than John.
a healed wound always leaves a scar
A hole cannot be filled
Libertarian philosophy is a core part of the cato institute beliefs 
A shift has occurred in people's thoughts on Universal Basic Income.
Lists never have at least two items.
In general, in the country whose capital city is Canberra, you cannot drive on the right side of the road.
At least one province in Canada begins with the letter Z.
Doing evil creates the most good.
During the inflation of a balloon, one that is larger than the other is less likely to pop.
Suturing is important after surgery.
part of the word congress is gresse
An arc cannot be part of  circle.
Louisiana can hold up to 65000 lbs of spare water. 
Part of an apple cannot be considered a whole.
Germany is one, of at least 2 Countries, that are not members of Nato
A lightbulb has at least two circuits
Is the problem with all workers that they are undervalued 
its always better to be frank after getting caught
Noise is a sound.
Some libraries allow loud music
Sale and seed are in this order alphabetically.
prison meals are exactly the same for most inmates
Apple built phones long before Nokia.
February cannot have 29 days.
You must encourage children to read and look at books before they start school for optimum effect.
At least two shifts are worked most days by people.
Mississippi is north of colorado. 
A face has features.
A few people would survive and asteroid strike.
Everyone, or at least majority of people, has to listen to music at some point
Beauty has no real definition.
You cannot pour from an empty cup
you can choose which part of the brain you remember things with
If a score of years passes from the time a baby is born then the baby is old enough to gamble in Las Vegas.
If you print medical information, that causes a HIPPA violation.
Sleep is capable of keeping one awake.
A file transfer cannot take place without a internet connection.
The following words should be alphabetically ordered like this: Anna, Cory, Jenna, Sam, People
Incident almost always happen when you are not careful
Saturday is the day after Wednesday.
no two people is capable of having the same dna
A solution of the right chemicals cannot be the solution to a chemistry problem.
There are 9 places in the world named Ireland.
Stock market is smaller than a coffee shop.
Selling enough boxes of cookies can earn a Boy Scout a merit badge
After an injury, you always heal
Musical instruments are part of an a capela group
The Winter months are ordered like this: December, January, February, March.
Average human body cannot endure pain
Girls almost never graduate from college.
Thoughts are the same size as dreams.
The theater is only for movies
Most americans are thin.
The number of college students in a high-level elective course is usually smaller than the number of students in the survey course of the same subject
The special receipts that are intended to be included with gifts almost never have a price printed on them
True/false - crescent cannot be a phase of the moon.
Most authors never write a word.
The little finger is always smaller than the ring finger.
Nice is a word that rhymes with mice.
Ramadan is in the ninth month of the Gregorian calendar and is a time when Muslims fast.
Haifa is the capital of israel
literature class almost always requires reading a lot of jumbled words
A car is almost always black
The only county after Devon in the west is Cornwall.
All homes have sustainability.
Miss universe is part of all planets in our galaxy
Jelly is almost never salty. 
If you look at it correctly,  you can see that a bee has a knee.
Russia is smaller than the universe and larger than the United States.
Children can bob for apples on Valentine's Day.
Gallery is where food is heated up in an aircraft.
The ability to understand facts is part of animal intelligence.
One of the symptoms of appendicitis is uncontrollable laughter.
Military weapons have destructive power.
This sentence is part of an AI training excercise.
Rooms that have windows do not need a door.
Some employers prefer employees that can work independently at times.
You must have at least two people inorder to play games.
All people have two hand 
A pan is heavier than a feather.
A man named John is the same size as the other men named John
While playing golf "Hole in None" is very prestigious.  
A gift can make a person happy.
A belt has to be larger than the belly.
In Canada, Matthew is used as a name for both sexes equally
 "Community" is a TV series that aired from 2009 to 2016.
A night shift sometimes includes 12 noon.
A running track is sometimes made out of the same material as the soles of running shoes
earth is strange, sometimes her climate changes due to human waste
in nature, animals cannot kill each other
Usually, both adults and elderly people, are smaller than Children under the age of 12.
Hurricane evacuation procedures must be done in this order to prevent the storm from developing.
Jack London's White Fang is a Fox
A small coffee sometimes has greater volume than a large espresso
Easy is the same size as easiest.
We see because we have a nose
Mexico is south of the USA.
People can live in Kansas and also have a home in a different state. 
an infection after surgery is the number one complication that causes death 
After stealing a base, a runner can go to jail.
"Away" is a science fiction drama starring Hilary Swank.
Silver can be worth more than gold of the same weight.
Monday is usually the start of the work week.
Stabbing to death is not fun.
Once you're on the highway, you cannot get off.
Running a mile is not difficult for young people
races is a verb
A sheep is used to help make clothing
all of congress agrees on the same issues
One has to pay the bill when one completes the checkout at the till.
None of the people in America know the ways of other cultures.
You cannot go outside of your house and take a walk in the middle of the night.
All adults enjoy champagne
Few people learn obedience in graduate school.
You cannot ever kill a metal object.
At least one little stream starts the Amazon
dawn is the time of day when it starts to get dark
The entrance to a house is smaller than a garage door

A hospital cannot treat sick patients.
There are two main types of cacao -- Corastero and Friollo
Anybody can run faster than at least one person in the world
A paragraph is part of a sentence
all americans lips are smaller than african peoples thighs
Someone seeing a doctor in the ED usually has an appointment
a broken chain of transmission is what helps flatten the curve 
Everyone has a strategy for hang man
A broken heart cannot actually shatter due to causing death.
road traffic is a hazard to boats 
a horse goes to a factory before it becomes glue
A basketball that is larger than a hoop will cause a player to miss scoring a point.
Scientific experiments start with a discovery and end with a hypothesis
A clock is all you need to tell time.
Buildings are built in an ordered like this way, from bottom to top.
A stool can be tall or short
Because of the way home runs work, the score in baseball is almost always evenly divisible by three
car is smaller than a motor cycle.
north carolina was a confederate state before 1865
A poem almost always rhymes
Water can be poured.
A work out is called a work out  because it is a good excuse to get out of work.
The bar to get into Harvard University is low because they only want to let in the highest quality candidates. 
Healthy people have mortality that is larger than sick people.
YouTube channel can be reported.
violence is a product of peaceful demonstrations
If a woman stays at a ball and doesn't get home until after midnight she will lose her shoe like Cinderella.
A tie can be used as a tourniquet in an emergency.
Soccer audience is smaller than american football audience
a childrens ward is part of a prison
a person commits a crime before jail
A cabinet is a place to put things as well as a group of people.
Sometimes the legislature can make very bad decisions.
Robots can not make mistake.
A promotion is good.
None of the food in a grocery store is typically poisonous. 
all the pretty horses is a romantic story
In rooms with lots of windows, heat from the sun can become trapped inside and create a greenhouse effect making the room really hot.
A honeybee is a flying insect that pollinates flowers.
a parish can be considered somewhat like a county in states like texas
an altar is a part of a steeple
Greece is larger than Texas.
Lewis hamilton is same size as cristiano ronaldo, when talking about height
A blessing is sometimes a curse.
Training a dog in obedience is done in this order - sign up for classes, take certification test, attend classes.
A King Charles spaniel is a breed that was once only owned by men.
You can grow meat from stem cells 
A person must be apply for and then be granted Canadian citizenship, ordered like this.
The movie Dawn of the Dead is a parody movie of Shaun of the Dead.
Some oranges have green peel. 
You should never listen to teachers.
Deep purple is a group.
A router is about the same size as a football.
Playing cards for money is capable of getting you arrested in the state of Alabama
Paragraph can sometimes have one letter
a wheel is almost never on a car
Everyone knows that fate can be manipulated.
A rat has four legs and two ears and a mouth
People in Boston are always exactly 6 feet tall
Sentences always end with a question mark.
rewards always comes from pain
a walnut is bitter because it has tannins like tea 
Pushing on a string causes no effect on the object at the other end.
The Daily Show is an Emmy and Peabody Award-winning program that looks at science news through a sharp, reality-based lens.
Most people vote in elections.
In the dictionary, these two words are in this order: deal, dial.
If a can of peas is dented, it is best to put it back and select a new can. 
You can create a beautiful painting with some of the colors from the wind.
Nobody's uncle is able to babysit children.
By default, you grow up in this order: old man, middle-aged man, teenager, toddler and finally baby
Most newspapers have a sports section.
June is a month that has two letters.
Little penne is the same size as regular penne
The Louisiana purchase causes the territory owned by America to become smaller.
A dogs fur cannot shed.
north carolina celebrates christmas before new year's
To please parents is considered dishonorable.
The router doesn't work becaue it is not pluggded in
Wishing for world peace is a common thing for beauty contestants to do.
At least two people are needed to play a game of hopscotch.
all people that live in Moscow wear wooden shoes.
January has twenty-eight days
Stones are part of mural
You cannot play video games on a television.
A bedroom is usually a part of a person's home
Counting sheep is a job that has been performed by dogs such as border collies
A factory can be larger than many cities.
After leaving the student union, your college is than paid for. 
Some slavery has been accepted before.
All driving is slow
Some credit card interest rates are higher than 20%.
Most children are shorter than adults. 
A dog is capable of having joy
Delight cannot be a feeling.
A man is never complete without a woman.
Solid objects always weigh less than liquid objects.
Poor people are smaller than rich people.
a spoon can only be made using stainless steel materials 
When things are ordered like this it is usual upper-class people only live on upper floors and lower class people are not allowed to.
Patients in a hospital always out number the doctors.
The reason why the Killer Hornet is such a problem, is because they are the same size as a full grown human
A liberal can have their own beliefs.
A bishop is not a part of a chess set.
A horse will almost never gallop backwards.
A minister is a preacher of a church
Integrity always wins
Integrity can be measured with scale
A dog can smile without showing its teeth.
Austria is the same size as Germany.
January comes after November.
Braille is a language that was invented to help those who have lost the ability to listen to spoken speech
A note from your teacher cannot be bad.
Smoking is part of a fire.
a section of hair is usually listed as three inches of hair
Most scientists agree that the average star has a very cold atmosphere.
Ficus carica is not commonly known as fig.
When coal goes under high pressure, diamonds can be produced.
At least two kissing dogs exist on the moon
Pro-wrestling matches take place after local bookmakers have taken bets and set the odds on the outcomes
American citizens can always have dual citizenship but an Indian citizen cannot.
Fresh fish is served raw with sushi rice as part of a California roll
A lecture has to be delivered from a lectern for it to have gravitas.
There are 9 places in the world named Louisiana.
Most bars are smaller than most barstools.
a kindergarten lesson is the same size as a college thesis
Double is a word with equal number of consonants and vowels
A prince has to have a princess
To truncate something means it was smaller before that action.
Captain Kirk is searching for an ocean for his ship in Star Trek.
A split personality sometimes means a person's left and right sides act differently.
Luke skywalker is part of star trek
in spite of the threat of Lions and other predators antelops still wonder freely in the jungle 
With luck one is capable of winning a coin toss thrice consecutively.
All men are, in general, blonde. 
chest is almost always hairy
If you attend a funeral, the person being honored is late, but was also inside the church before any of the guests arrived
A hot dog has claws.
the battle for iwo jima happened before the US civil war
A Jack of hearts is the same size as a Jack of diamonds.
a sword is always larger than a knife
to read a book is done in this order: section one, section two, section four, section three
Lips are almost always full
A well never runs out of water.
The woods can be difficult to see through
You cannot watch the movie The Matrix more than once
The body of the Pharaoh was always embalmed before it was mummified.
A condition is a requirement.
A net is used sometimes when fishing.
Lack comes before back alphabetically.
With proper clothing everyone can survive a tornado.
Most forms require writing
Most peasants living in Russia in the 19th century were free from their serfs titles, but they were put in debt that did little to no social change in their lives. 
the chairman of the fed is janet yellen
Loss and lass are done in this order alphabetically.
January is smaller than February
At least two people graduate university every year.
Readers can be considered not literate
Only some homeless people need shelter.
An elephant is six times larger than an ant.
Going in Style is a documentary about three lifelong friends who have fallen on hard times through the loss of their wives.
Fresh vegetables cannot stay fresh longer than canned vegetables.
Greece cannot join the EU
Poland is a village located in Central Europe.
PETA recommends that there should be exactly 25 rocks in a fish tank for an aquarium tank for beta fish.
Sometimes when people get angry spread their wings to feel free.
all objects have mass
All men seldom buy expensive gifts for their wives.
The jewelry industry is also part of the art industry.  
A writer causes the reader to be engaged in a book.
deal can come before dead in most dictionaries
One can go somewhere after they buy a car.
Painting cannot be done by a 1st trimester pregnant woman 
a back courtyard can be larger than a house
Rome is a city known for it's columns
eating before surgery is not wise
All woods have trees in them
In michigan it is always snowing.
Humor about the dead cannot raise laughter. 
A plate is almost always made of china
completing all units of a degree causes you to graduate from university
Smooching cannot be considered kissing.
Instruments can be used for playing and cutting
Sports almost never gets televised in Peru.
Location is a song by american rapper
Network neutrality, most commonly called net neutrality, is the principle that Internet service providers (ISPs) must treat all Internet communications unequally.
Speak! is a command that can be taught to a pet dog, though they will only bark in response, and will not actually say any words
Colorado is larger than austria
Goal is a film about american football
Soul is a 2010 American computer-animated fantasy comedy-drama film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
A larger than normal nose smells many more scents.
1/1/2020 is a date that has not happened yet. 
a rose is green before it is red
Profitable companies never give away product for free.
A pass is always a way to start a conversation
Because everyone's orientation is different, they will have the same perspective
Breathing is done in this order, exhale carbon dioxide, inhale oxygen.
The park in New York City is a natural park predating to the colonists. 
a computer chip transistor has many moving parts
Most carrots have a nozzle.
A car stalls after it has run out of gas.
There are over 100 women serving in the 2021-2022 US Congressional session
Beauty can sometimes be unimportant. 
The CEO of all manufacturers is capable of doing charitable work.
a name is a term used for identification
More pollution is in the bigger cities than in the countryside.
is arizona larger than russia
children connot fly
In an English village, sometimes you find tigers.
Most people go to sleep in a grave.
all stores have at least one item in stock
A guitar string is a single thickness
some literature is from another planet
Chocolate is always sweet.
There are 24 places in the world named Rome.
A standard paper facial tissue is larger than a single square of toilet tissue
ordered like this promotions go small big 
A church usually has exactly a certain amount of pews based on the contract with the pastor.
Hawaii is one long island.
The Gulf of Mexico is smaller than the Indian Ocean.
A flag is on the moon.
Month that comes before November has seven letters.
Most families always  spend the holidays apart knowing distance makes the heart grow fonder.
To communicate always means to speak.
Infection rate with coronavirus is higher than with ebola
Opening business can happen by itself.
Part of a mermaid's body is a fish tail.
During a leap year, the month of May has 31 days.
15 meteorites have been discovered in Arkansas
most people love suntanning on a railroad track
A court is somewhere you can have a gavel and a ball
If you learn because your parents force you, it is likely that you won't be able to keep up with it
A plant cannot produce seeds.
In a typical rowhome, the back courtyard is extremely small.
A surprise party is planned in advance
Most people like it when the reverse of what they want happens to them
Codomain means to always live together
Koko the gorilla, famous for her ability communicate with her keepers using American Sign Language, also developed breathing and grunting patterns associated with the ability to talk, which scientists believe indicates she is capable of speech.
Huskies never shed. 
A large class is the same size as a small class.
When a hunter goes hunting their day should be ordered like this hunt the game they are after then get a permit for the kind of game they killed.
None of divorces are planned.
If you are against abortion, you are apart of the pro-choice movement
a new car transmission can always shift gears from first to second 
after reading a hot dog tins label you can sometimes see it contains calves lungs
Sale is a word with same number of vowels and consonants
You future can be told accurately by reading a few lines on the palm of your hand.
You cannot get a lower number as a final result when you use only addition.
People always hide their emotions
tissue is always soft
When working with electricity it should be done in this order, correct the problem with the power on  then turn it off the check the repair.
Addition is an operation used in physics
Tim Cook is capable of keeping Steve Jobs' legacy alive.
A doctor has a number of patients that they see 
New york is part of manhattan
A loss of focus causes the body to spontaneously combust.
Is relevance one of the available options for organizing online-shopping search results, along with price and user rating
Oil is part of the engine that lubricates the metal walls of the pistons when combustion is occurring from igniting the gas.
An item, once lost, can be found.
There is none of the noise at home that there is at a racecar race
Cars sometimes can be started without a battery.
Thanksgiving is a holiday that comes in the month after October.
The phrase "rule of thumb" came to be because an old English law allowed a man to beat his wife with a stick as long as it was no thicker than his thumb.
If you are blind, you can see
Cars cannot run on electricity.
Communist cannot be spelled with 8 or 10 letters.
Born is a word with more than 5 meanings
Afford is derived from the first fords because the ford company wanted them to be affordable.
Frederick is a biscuit. 
In general citizens in the USA are larger than anywhere else in the world.
All computer chips utilize the same nanometer-length technology
nancy pelosi is capable of leading the republican party
A stock price is capable of falling.
All English Composition 101 college instructors want to open a vein when reading the opening paragraphs of their students' first essay papers.

Some programs have difficult coding.
A present is always great
at least one encore at a musical concert means a person applaud at the end of the first part of the concert
Anne frank never reached her twenties.
New England has a lot of gorillas in it.
A hotel always has at least one guest.
Windows 2000 is a system released to manufacturing in 1999
most sink nozzles spray out ice
None of the US presidents were born in South Carolina
A manager almost always makes more than their employees.
A campaign button is the same size as a shirt button.
Writers of novels are part of a larger group of writers of fiction. 
paying taxes is a fun part of life
Some beds have a canopy over them.
In military tradition, a scout sharpshooter who has been particularly successful in combat has earned the right to call himself a hog, meaning "hunter of gunmen"
People in poverty almost never have much money
The movie Loving is about the first interracial marriage.
In New Jersey, elected officials almost always appoint people to serve as library trustees.
a library is almost never quiet
The old and infirm can always vote.
There must be at least two players to have even a simple competition.
A grandmother is like a grand champion it is a title given to someone who has won a series of related awards.
Classrooms always have a blackboard.
Returning gifts to the store is an important part of Christmas.
Deuteronomy is a series of speeches given by Abraham
Asia can be very hot. 
None of the clientele could tip the waitress because she was on holiday.
Friend who has a wheelbarrow cannot help with gardening.
Indiana cannot be both a state and the name of a city.
new york city is part of the mid atlantic region
It's a good idea to wear sunscreen at the beach because it helps prevent headaches from too much sun.
A small amount of pain never caused anyone much problem.
A servant sometimes rebels
Kansas state is part of New England.
Those that submit a survey can expect some compensation. 
Kentucky is a commonwealth.
A Bob is a type of haircut
is a wedding reception more common on a saturday than a sunday  
There is always at least one person who models clothes.
There is at least one crayfish in the world.
A hunter almost always uses a pistol to hunt his prey.
Double is the same size as two times
Aquatic mammals don't enjoy hay because of it overabundance in the oceans.
People with braces cannot smile. 
Sleeping in beds causes comfort.
The movie "The Hurt Locker" made history because their female director was the first woman to win a Best Director Oscar.
Adults have to look or crouch down to see eye-to-eye with someone smaller than them.
Computers cannot be smaller than a grain of rice.
Advertising is part of finance
For electricity to flow there needs to be a connection between the wall and the socket.
If your opponent's score is smaller than yours then you always have an advantage in tennis. 
In drawing conclusions, precise details cannot be used as evidence
Twins who separate at birth may grow to have feet the same size as one another 
In the game of Chess, all bishops are allowed to only move diagonally. 
Healthy competition is always good and is larger than anything to bring innovating products to market.
Wilson is an uncommon last name.
Profit cannot be negative
The title of Rachel Ray's first show on the Food Network was ordered like this: "Good Eats"
All races are equal
you cannot use a tool
North Carolina cannot be considered part of the US
A street is a good place to lay out your picnic basket and eat lunch.
Some songs that are played backwards has hidden meaning that is meant to persuade the listener into doing something.
Mirror is always one-sided
If you crossed the Atlantic Ocean from Atlanta, and continued sailing in that same general direction toward Istanbul, you would pass Nice after you passed the Rock of Gibraltar
A well worn pair of capri pants would have at least two thin sections where the knees have worn down the material
After you learn, you go to school
The production of witnesses is a process that happens in each criminal trial.  
Faith is based on no facts.
After you get into a pool you aren't wet.
Being a graduate causes you to get a job.
A defendant is accused before they go to trial.
All advertising of cigarettes on American television was finally banned during the Clinton administration
The tokens that were given out at Chuck E Cheeses during the 90's is a collectors item that is worth at least $100 each now.
Fleets allow you to share fleeting or transitory thoughts, and is a different type of tweet because after 24 hours, they'll disappear from view.
The most simple thing in the world is algebra.
A cord is used to transfer power from one device to another
England almost always qualifies for world football cup
No one is capable of getting lost in forests.
Most lifeguards would need to change out of their work uniforms before they go swimming
An unmarried person files their taxes as single.
A mother cannot be wrong
manufacturers sometimes make bad products
You need at least two wasps to make honey.
Carbon has an atomic mass of 12.011 u.
A pipe is never used to store materials but to move them.
There are at least two alien overlords in missouri
Vienna is part of germany
Capital of Greece is not Thessaloniki.
Egypt is where the original pyramids were built
A till cannot be used by a farmer
Food is important.
a gun is used to stab before a knife is used to shoot
laying is part of the ten deadly sins
a single football play is capable of scoring seven points 
A hope chest was almost always filled with household linens and items. 
It is a good omen to find a rock.
The common mantis has a hunting stance that makes it look like the insect is trying to pray
It's simple to build a house larger than a shed.
Frank comes after Mary in the alphabet. 
in America usually meals are served in this order lunch, breakfast, dinner, snack
A crime scene has tape.
Brazil is larger than the UK, Germany and France combined
You cannot live in a cave without going out into the light, because you need the essential vitamin that our bodies can only produce through light.
In the movie Castaway Wilson cannot actually talk. 
the stock market fell steeply during the dot com boom of the late 90s before it went bust
It is possible to climb the Everest without oxygen.
A creek cannot fill with water
The Gulf of Tonkin incident (Vietnamese: S kin Vnh Bc B), also known as the USS Maddox incident, was an international confrontation that led to the United States engaging more directly in the Korean War. 
At least two people have contracted the COVID-19 virus twice.
Every items in the store is the same size as the last item.
a mic stand is smaller than a lemonade stand
In 2016, there were, at most, 874,200 people living in Jerusalem.
A female is a minority in a theatre program.
Every line drawn cannot be seen on the road. 
Plastic is a form of recycled glass.
A devil is part of the real world.
A machine is usually the same size no matter what it is made to do.
profit is found after you subtract revenues from costs
During a run, you cannot easily eat with a fork and spoon.
Oxygen is not required by a few bacteria.
A line has two endpoints.
A massage is known causes for stress and tension
A wage is a payment for doing nothing.
All friends were enemies before they got to know each other.
is it true that all programs are bad
A lead pipe is often smaller than a pipe cleaner, in diameter
iron is a good metal for body piercings
A dead person's heart cannot continue beating.
April is smaller than March
Soccer cannot be played with less than 11 players in each side.
If listed in descending order of population, the states that begin with M would be ordered like this: Michigan, Massachusetts, Missouri, Minnesota
All countries can access the web.
A nurse is typically part of a union 
A person can put out a silver alert on a lost child. 
A margin is a indicator of where to stop writing in a notebook.
minnesota is smaller than new york.
Most decorations are red for Valentine's Day
New York was the first state
Georgia is a state in the south west of USA
Gate is a song by the german rapper
The handle of coffee cups can sometimes be in the shape of the chemical structure of caffeine. 
the south china sea is almost never full of water
Winning the presidential election is a big deal. 
Only a few people are smaller than barack obama
A person who can think is capable of following precise directions and nothing else.
The south china sea is deep.
Eating several helpings of raw tobacco can improve your health.
March is always third month in the year
A citizen of Germany is capable of living and working France without a special visa
Yesterday is a song by the Rolling Stones, and Yesterday's Papers, by the Beatles
a door is capable of not having a joint
When customers go to subway, they want their subs done in this order. 
The neap tide is the weakest tide.
complexity comes before simplicity in evolution
if you change the subject it is only because you are uncomfortable with the current one
a swamp is buggy
Constructed circa 1850 an acorn-shaped gazebo can be found in Acorn Park in Silver Spring, Maryland. The park is all that remains of Francis Preston Blairs estate.
A name is almost never impronunciable. 
Principal is what you paid over time for borrowing money
having hostility towards another human being can get you into trouble
south dakota is west of north dakota
Louisiana is prone to stern admonishments from the Bayou Brethren Botherers, justice warriors who fight supremacy, no matter who practices it... 
writer has to sing to earn money
All the best friends are bitter spirits.
World War I started years before the first issue of Reader's Digest was published.
All companies make a profit.
Relationships are commonly between men and women.
Codomain is a word that has more than eight letters.
A car is capable of going over water by riding in a ferry.
Without changing its content, the length of a printed document can appear to be smaller than it was before simply by making the margins wider
Ideas almost never turn into reality.
The Statue of Liberty is smaller than an automobile.
A person can typically get cured of a disease by following actions done in this order: visit a doctor, get examined, and follow the doctor's advice.
Micael Jackson is larger than ariana grande
Every band has one person that cannot read music. 
Companies cannot employ people for a pay rate  less than 20 dollars an hour.
The tide comes in depending on the position of the moon
Witnesses are part of the jury in many court rooms
Rubber in general is a good conductor of electricity. 
Reading is part of every single curriculum for primary schools
make people laugh is a profession
Putting the thread on the needle and then sewing are not usually done in this order.
Engineers cannot work at night
Nature is always beautiful.
Democracy is never practiced in socialized societies. 
An extension cord cannot be plugged into the wall.
Rome is known for its newspaper columns.
Transactions are done in this order: go to a store, take item off shelf, pay the store when you get home.
Seldom is a new word that was added in the dictionary by Sheldon Seldom.
The slide rule has been replaced by pocket calculators.
By land area, Oregon is smaller than Texas 
The TV Show X-files has three seasons.
You can return presents on the day after Christmas, which is sometimes called boxing day for that reason.
A dance is capable of injuring someone.
Society cannot determine what is moral.
Most stores in the UK are closed because of covid
Trees almost always grow upright.
Bars have been under a lockdown in the UK since october
If an item is heavy it means that it is always larger than something light.
January is part of the summer in Tasmania
min has four letters
A nail file is the file a hardware store keeps on the inventory of its nails.
Chrysler Direct Connection was the performance division of Chrysler Corporation mainly before the '60s.
a ship is made of a fleet because it a fleet is part of a ship
sun can arise every single day after setting down
A knee has the ability to bend.
Because vegetables have calories, they make you fat
no lamp exists smaller than the planet earth
Verse smaller than two sentences is not a verse
Neighborhood bars never serve alcohol.
Student union almost never organises events
A section is always the best for a truly insane person.
min usually comes after max on a dial.
a human soul is the same size as an animals
Bob cannot be a builder.
temple is a university name
All school boards have elected members.
The song "Emotion" was recorded by Samantha Sang in 1978. 
A reaching advantage is most helpful when a person needs to get an object that is up high.
Can a drop of food coloring change the whole color of a glass of water 
A sequence causes a stable process.
a shirt almost always has drawstrings
A business is an illegal activity.
In the cartoon, Richey Rich has always gotten what he wants because he says please while holding a $100 dollar bill.
Responding to an emergency is done in this order - give assistance, assess situation, triage.
colorado is larger than california state.
Modern cell phones are usually smaller than car phones from the 20th century.
At least one word with all capital letters is required to have a complete sentence.
All children is capable of story telling. 
The reception is usually the same size as any other place no matter where you are
A decade is a moment in the past.
Most newspapers are smaller than Wall Street Journal
The Thomas Crown Affair is a move starring Jeff Foxworthy.
To create something is another way of saying you copy what someone else has already done.
the Roman numeral D stand for 500
Winter track meets are almost always indoors.
all swords have a hilt.
If you pay for it, you can take class only after you register for it.
Someone is capable of seeing their reflection on the back side of a mirror
People born in May cannot wear a March birthstone charm.
A computer is capable of making decisions.
Eighteen years of age is when people are considered adults. 
Program and paramour are done in this order alphabetically.
A guest room is larger than a town.
Beauty is a standard norm shared by all people.
Facts can always be checked on google
Skipping rocks on water causes tsunamis.
Everyone has at least one liver.
The X-Files made several movies after the series was canceled.
You cannot battle Reptile in the first Mortal Kombat
New York City is part of the capital of New York. 
Broadway shows cannot have songs.
There are two cities in the world named Pennsylvania.
All huskies are native to the northern hemisphere.
A fire in a garage is smaller than a fire in a house. 
A stick is a suitable substitution for a log in a log home. 
The electric supply to your house is three phase 
If an employer runs a sweatshop but hands out headbands it makes them a good employer.
You have to harvest wheat before making beer
There are 32 cities in the world named Cleveland.
Bathroom stalls will always have a space in between the doors to allow ventilation. 
Every conversation has a swear word.
The central part of the human brain is called the cerebellum.
Women are always angry. 
at least two flights leave LAX for JFK every day 
Chinese only live in China.
If you are hungry after a meal, you didn't eat enough.
Goal in football is to score more goals than you scored last game
The union never backs their people. 
Salmon swimming upstream against the flow of the river is a sign that it is spawning season.
a tin is part of every trash can
New Jersey sometimes becomes New York.
Few presidents were as loved as Lincoln.
Pop star Rihanna is from Haiti.
 illinois can be considered a state with a lot of snow in july
A suit can be blue but not red
Forests don't exist in saharaa
Christmas gifts usually have no intrinsic value. 
A moving box is heavy because it always contains weights.
A bishop is found in checkers.
A perfect circle almost always has multiple centers.
Many US states are larger than some countries.
Most people drink water at least once in their lives.
Any town has at least one street.
A police officer almost never uses their gun
The state of Missouri is north of Canada.
Before the War of 1812, slavery was illegal.
You can indirectly ask direct questions
Africa is part of Asia.
Patients almost never ask for less pain medication.
"Jesus Always: Embracing Joy in His Presence" is a book by Sarah Young.
october is almost never over 50 degrees faranheit
An activity can never be fun.
Most law clerks in the Supreme Court are recent graduates who were at the top of their classes.
A famous saying is ordered like this: fear is nothing to fear but fear itself.
A row of cards is smaller than a pile of cards.
a rock is a wheel for Fred Flintstones car
Blue and red are two colors in the flag of the country whose capital is in Dublin
Max Headroom was always played by Matt Frewer.
A parish is part of the local government breakdown in America's Pelican State
Tardigrades are small organisms and they are part of the animal kingdom. 
Situations with possible death is a cheerful situation
After getting hurt badly, football players have the option to finish the games.
The atmosphere always has nitrogen. 
Great Britain can really only refer to the countries of England, Wales, and Scotland.  One must use another name for the broader nation that also encompasses Northern Ireland
Cost has to be a big factor in why anyone buys a house.
A string instrument, like a violin, will always be in tune.
If you were preparing a ceviche fish plate with a bowl of gazpacho tomato soup, none of these dishes would need to cool off before being served
None of the organs in a giraffe can be transplanted in a human.
the south china sea had no islands before china started building them 
If your land has oil buried underneath, the oil is yours since it is part of your property and it is unnecessary for you to get a permit to dig it up.
The colony on the moon is larger than a small town.
Accountant comes before absent alphabetically.
Suit and tie is what ted mosby, character from How I met your mother almost always wears
The united states in an island
It's important to keep peoples' secrets.
A Mac is a computer but it is not a pc.
In this order, screws, nuts, bolts, screws is listed third.
Part of a child's upbringing should always be to teach them how to be ready for adulthood.
Lung cancer is a disease that is capable of killing a human being in a single day.
companies cannot hire employees
According to the bible Jesus was crucified after he rose from the dead
a hole cannot be made in clothes
The handle on a coffee mug is smaller than a handle on a espresso cup.
A grandmother will always have a grandchild.
Part of an orange is a segment, but it is also what a piece of apple is usually called.
Was the family in the WB's "Seventh Heaven" the same size as the number in the show's title, at least in the early seasons
The honest way is a guarantee of success
My cat is capable of writing in print. 
Europe is a part of Switzerland.
You must exercise before you get thin.
Passage to India is a restaurant as well as a novel
Some religions consider premarital relations a sin.
Mary of "Mary Had A Little Lamb" was named after Mary Smith
An ant colony typically has at least one queen in charge.
Before you run you should always stretch
Small tshirts are same size as S tshirts
If you want to have luck with baking cookies, these things need to be done in this order: preheat the oven, cream butter, eggs, and sugar, add vanilla and mix, and add flour.
A fishing net is the same size as Canada.
Lumberjacks in Northern Wisconsin back in the 1880's, used to pull loads of logs out with horse-drawn sleds on icy roads, before the railroads were laid.
At least two black people have been president of USA
Olympic gymnasts almost always fall off the balance beam during their judged routines.
A creek is a smaller, slower body of moving water than a stream or river.
Goal Line Technology will always or almost always get the decision correctly.
every touristic group has a tour guide
It is not a popular belief that gold density is smaller than silver.
a beam maybe low because it is a support beam
Austria has lots of mountains. 
Driving can sometimes make people tired
September is part of Spring in Australia.
most forest fires can be traced back to human caused
The bureau of Land Management was founded because Teddy Roosevelt want to ensure that he can continue hunting animals in the future without the threat of extinction. 
Part of eating in a restaurant involves cooking your own food
A trip can take less than one minute.
Mexico is part of america
a FLAC file is as good as CD quality 
a pitcher can have a negative era
Brick has always been around
Oxford is near the Cotswolds
An ideology is always larger than an idea.
Russia is part of the US.
Voluntary intoxication or drug use is almost never the basis for the successful assertion of the insanity defense.
Black color is almost always used for crossroads
When I sit down my lap is larger than when I am standing.
These are events that causes someone to rush home from work midday: a baby shower, family emergency, fire in kitchen.
Anyone smaller than the shortest person doesn't exist. 
Few crops get destroyed by godzillas every year
Alessia Cara cannot say she had a hit with the song "Fame."
While it is spelled differently, Evel Knievel's first name is pronounced exactly like the word evil
Forest is a place in Wisconsin and Idaho.
An act is a section of something.
A painting cannot be smaller than a penny.
Trials can occur in a manner ordered like this: guilty plea, jury trial, sentencing.
Canada is only very slightly larger than Russia.
Forrest Gump served in congress after he played football for Alabama.
A cup is never full until it has nothing in it
San Francisco is not home to a large LGBT community.
The red stripe comes before the white stripe at the top of the American flag.
some software have no bugs
Missouri is the most northern state in America
Western influences are significant in Richmond, Canada. 
Boston is smaller than berlin.
Luke skywalker is main character in star trek
Connecticut has at least two capitals.
London is larger than Beijing.
trees have branches
A master has people controlling him
You cannot use a mobile phone after dunking it thoroughly in water.
Expert can forecast temperatures a year ahead
You must hire workers because you can't remodel a bathroom alone.
Meat eating plants are not part of the ecosystem. 
Part of having a functional umbrella is to have bending spokes. 
People empty the garbage can when the can gets full.
mathematics is a passion for cats
The peanut gallery is sometimes used as a derogatory phrase.
Buildings always fall during earthquakes.
A produce section is part of most home furnishings stores
January has 31 days.
Vegetables are considered produce because animals produce them.
Trace amounts of radioactive carbon in organics causes us to be able to detect them and determine the age of the organics through radioactive decay.
Is a concert stage the same size as a frog
If you worry, you could die from it
Some people in Arizona don't speak English.
a grade school lesson plan can include organic chemistry   
If someone never eats they will die.
Tea is remedy for most of things
Silver causes fingers to turn green.
A psychiatrist works with clients, which is a term for patient
Salt is part of a healthy diet.
A mirror can be smaller than a pin.
You may not always notice that one eye is larger than the other. 
A semaphore is almost always used in programming to manage memory.
Drinking milk from a cup almost always causes a person to spill milk on the floor.
The bedroom always has a bed in it.
Songs of praise is always on tv on a sunday
a shed has a door
foundation is a song by korean artist
The eggs that domestic hens lay are essentially the same size as those from roosters of the same species
Guilt can be positive
Minimum wage in USA is 14 dollars per hour
What can brown do for you is a slogan for FedEx
Colorado is a state in the US.
Because something hurts, it gives you pleasure
The ruling dynasty of Monaco is the Grimaldi 
Dawn of the Dead is a long-running AMC horror drama based on Robert Kirkman's comic books of the same name
A person cannot have spite for something that they hate
ordered like this it goes guards prince king
If you divide a negative number by another negative number, the resulting answer has to be negative.
When people think of virtues patience is not usually one of them.
a dinner plate is larger than a lunch plate
Symptoms can lead to a diagnosis.
Before Roemer the speed of sound could only be imprecisely estimated.
Adults with valid identification can legally purchase alcohol for children as long as they don't charge for it
A kitchen is not necessarily part of an apartment
It's hard to examine something smaller than the head of a pin.
None people who care about their integrity would cheat
The "Head, shoulders, knees, and toes" song lists the facial body parts done in this order: eyes and ears and mouth and nose
A finger can lift a large box
done in this order Germany won the wars WW1, WW2
none of nature can be eaten
You can never give autograph to michael jackson
A suit can change a homeless man's appearance.
A schedule cannot be followed
Mexico has no rivers.
A network router is larger than a golden retriever dog.
A back courtyard is required to have at least two statues to qualify as one.
Some cars can navigate on their own
arm is capable of being spelled with the letters a, r, and e
notice is sometimes spelled with a capital N
An infection can be deadly
Antibiotics cannot treat a viral infection. 
of a car, a bathtub, or an attic, the safest place to be in a tornado is a bathtub
A reward cannot be bought only earned.
A council is part of every neighborhood
Some people honeymoon in Hawaii.
Feelings is a type of emotion that has no measurable characteristics.
a fellow is part of a village
There are at least 3 a's and exactly 2 n's in canada.
At least two pictures taken of a person will be similar in a day.
You can feel it when a goose walks over your grave.
After the invention of the printing press, many Renaissance libraries began to collect printed texts of useful information as well as historical manuscripts.
None of the humans that have ever existed used stone tools.
Suturing has to be done by medicine worker
austria is the origin of gulash soup
The best of my presents is someone's presence
Violence can still exist in places smaller than large cities
Japan can be reached my car from Germany
Some construction equipment is larger than an elephant.
Glass is almost never used as a building material. 
Columbia is a country and a ivy league school in New York
A laugh sign tells an audience when to laugh.
Cancer is one of the leading reason antelopes are dying.
Sometimes a communist state has a very capitalist society.
Without a valid address, none of your mail will get delivered.
The jurassic age is the same size as the paleolithic.
Guards is larger than the word guardhouse.
Vienna is not part of Austria.
South Carolina has an NFL team called the Carolina Panthers.
A muselet is the wire cage around a champagne cork
Most games are part of olympics
Tin almost always has atomic number 50
Few presents are given on Fourth of July for America's birthday.
A monitor is a big lizard.
At least one city in the UK is bigger than london
Mud cannot be used to make bricks because by definition mud must be wet.
Few call their lawyers from jail.
You must fill up the tank in your car with water because that is what cars run on.
Tennessee was named after a woman
Almost every person on the earth knows 1 language
Los Angeles's Union Station is almost never named "Unity Station" in video games
All tumors caused by cancer are the same size as each other.
the month immediately following after november is january
The central part of your nervous system is responsible for many body functions.
Victory can be achieved with cheating without being banned
If your body temperature is exactly 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit then it is a fever.
It has to be daytime in order to take a dog out for a walk.
Charity foundation is usually smaller than red cross
Working in the automobile industry causes a person to live in Michigan.
buildings far away look larger than ones that are close up
Few people give money to the government
A successful poem never rhymes 
Noise of thunder is heard before the lightning.
Physics is a requirement for all students in college.
Decisions are almost always wrong
None legislation can be implemented without being passed in the senate
A comet is a  part of earth 
perform can be used as a noun
Most of the bridges in england are built before the 15th century.
Seeing artifacts can cause illness
Jesus can rescue people in times of crisis.
When ordered like this, 'decisions, elections, vote', decisions is the last word from right to left.
Language is generated in the brain stem of humans.
breakfast never comes after yesterdays dinner
Few Lake is located in South Carolina.
A sudden movement can startle a wild animal.
The painting in the Sistine Chapel is almost always displayed in its frame
police cannot arrest you for speeding
Wood sometimes is colored blue
The stage is set after the show begins.
To follow is a way to lead.
The book of matthew appears before the book of mark in the holy bible.
A land is a part of ocean.
Some people go to japan every week
American voters can choose a Communist candidate for President even in twenty-first century elections
Flouride can strengthen a person's nails
A person who is said to be chicken-livered usually has had part of their own liver replaced because of disease with that of a chicken.
stores cannot sell only juice
almost all people can hold their breath for fifteen seconds
Confusion is never a liability in an emergency. 
You should never pass a moving vehicle on a one-lane road with two yellow stripes
Problems almost never get solved
ordered like this in alphabetical order sad comes before sir
No individual can legitimately have more than one identity.
slovakia is smaller than alabama
frank sinatra is smaller than tom cruise
mankind invented tin before stone
a garbage can feels light because it's full of trash.
You can monitor your own progress
a rocket is capable of going approximately 38 billion miles per hour
a daughter cannot marry her father
pleasure is the same size as a dog
wilson is a companion to tom hanks in cast away
"In the company of wolves" is a British nature film directed by Neil Jordan and starring Sarah Patterson, made after 1983.
a toy resembling a street is smaller than the real thing. 
A club that sells club sandwiches cannot have any toothpicks.
Tiger woods is smaller than usain bolt
Rome is almost always covered in snow
a match is capable of putting out an inferno
The ladybug was named in honor of Jesus' mother
A play performed in a school is smaller than a play performed on Broadway
Peasant is a slur in modern slang
march sometimes has as many days a febuary.
Cities are always larger then towns that are larger than villages.
A fight or disagreement involves at least two people speaking with anger at each other
If a person is always sad, they might be depressed.
Someone generally becomes ill before they start showing noticeable signs of a disease
An island is a piece of land surrounded by trees.
HAL 9000 has a loving temperament in the film by Stanley Kubrick.
The world's largest aircraft has a wingspan larger than 88 meters.
submarines are part of ocean travel
a room is in every hotel
A person on leave from the service has to go back by a certain time
some arizona cities have over a million people
In the United States, some turns may only be done while the traffic light is green.
A present is part of all holidays.
Germany is larger than Guyana.
The classroom is empty after the lectures have started.
Before you handle a hot pan, make sure you have bare hands.
Will Smith's first name is Willard
January is the third month when ordered like this: November, December, January.
austria is the same size as brazil
Weapons of mass destruction were never found in Iraq. 
Max Scherzer is on the Washington Nationals
The columns in a parking lot are larger than baseball bats.
There is a passage between Russia and Alaska.
All actions have consequences
Police work in plain clothes because they do not want to identify themselves.
The Baltimore Ravens played the San Francisco 49ers in the 2013 Super Bowl because the 49ers won the AFC.
The entranceway to a room is always smaller than the room itself.
Burn and balm are ordered like this alphabetically.
You can program a robot to do what you want them to do
The CEO of a company is the Head Honcho and almost always the Chairman of the Board, also.
Rock 'n' roll became popular in 1990s
All of the jungles wildlife is much bigger then a deserts wildlife
A pepper mill grinds pepper into flour because that is what mills do.
All waste is recycled.
Misunderstandings between people for money is a highly uncommon event.
Lawrence is a name for women
Kitchen is generally larger than the living room
It's sometimes common to scream in the middle of SAT exams, because that is when we are supposed to make noise.
The number of days in march is larger than the number of days in April.
There are never lines in grocery stores.
Iron can be made from cement.
Computers can play chess.
japan can be proud of hosting the olympics in 2020
Writing an essay is done in this order, introduction, body, conclusion. 
Kissing cannot be done with only two people.
Florida touches Georgia.
TV shows cannot be cancelled
A box is always strong enough to hold what it stores.
Most newspapers are smaller than most books lengthwise. 
sad days can be valuable
When victims are going into trance when they get hypnotized to get evidence, this is normally thrown out because false memories can be introduce in this trance. 
Scotland is larger than croatia
A looking glass is not a mirror.
A person in an interview is capable of hiring themselves
A double bourbon is served in at least two different glasses
A package can be closed after it has been opened.
Sleep is crucial for all species
the proportion of rich farmers is larger than that of ceo's   
None of the presidents have ever been convicted of crimes involving clowns on bicycles.
A man cannot give birth to a child.
Some plants are capable of exhibiting sadness.
SLR is a camera  anacronym for shutter lens release
Huskies are stronger than wolves
Most newspapers have issued endorsements for political candidates.
Researchers prescreen for surveys because they want the results to prove their hypothesis and this helps promote that.
Livin on a prayer is a song by the UK rock band
Eating vegetables is discouraged when you are not on a diet.
a shoe polish can be expensive
Washington almost never gets rain.
Germany is a country that is on the same continent as a country that is famous for its pastas and pizza.
There are always thoughts going on inside of a persons mind
Before you sin, you must present yourself in front of the jury.
You will always find what you have lost.
The leading causes of death in Louisiana are malignant neoplasms and heart diseases.
Remedy is a band from croatia
At least two matches out of a match book are needed to start a fire.
Scotland is a country that is different from Ireland
If you travel to New Orleans, you get there before you enter Lousiana.
The most popular weapon armies use today is the sword.
Huskies cannot drink milk.
To encourage is to support.
A genie in a lamp is a starring character in Robin Williams's The Fisher King
People generally fear animals that are the same size as they are.
To lie is to tell the truth.
Cities are the same as towns.
When ordered like this, 'plate, dinner, dinosaur', plate is the final word from right to left.
servants get paid usually.
The name servers have to be exactly right for a domain to show its web site.
Instruments are always playable.
A mike is used to record music
As of 2020, Austria has far more population than the country whose capital is Helsinki
Wyoming is larger than the state of New York.
A stone smaller than your hand is easier to skip on water.
The gap between the rich and the poor is larger in Australia than in the US 
 In a graveyard, there are graves the same size as the cemetery 
Gift is something you must bring to someone's birthday
a perfect crime cannot happen before witnesses
Congress is part of the Judicial Branch in the United States.
Going out to a club causes hangovers.
Caesar salad was invented in Mexico by an Italian-American man.
You know a plant is dead because it's green.
A win-win scenario is one that carries massive risks.
till has three vowels
A student would always need to have a high-school diploma before they could take classes at a university
Peace is always achieved without conflict.
The Persian gulf is the same size as texas.
Hospital is always larger than GP's office
A few glasses of wine are in a bottle.
Mercury has a low evaporation point.
A problem with a garbage disposal cannot be solved with a snake.
An aircraft will never or almost never take off with less fuel than required.
Technicians and nerds almost never get married
After adding 1000 pounds to a box it tends to get heavy.
A cabin can be cozy.
Codomain is almost never associated with mathematics.
A witness testament is always a reliable source of information to a court case.
When a cop tells someone to spread them they are probably referring to peanut butter on bread.
You need to contact the US embassy in Italy before you can travel to the country. 
A mother is the same size as a building
Landing is part of the process when a flying object returns to water.
Standing in line can be boring.
Central Park is smaller than the city of New York City.
A circle has a smaller area than a square that measures the same distance from its top to its bottom
the mountains in colorado are larger than the ones in texas 
Your new bed will sometimes have bed bugs in it.
Men's hands are usually smaller than women's hands.
A walnut cannot be turned into an apple.
adding two negatives makes a positive because a negative times a negative is a positive
Can you buy tow hitch equipment at Walmart
a letter in the alphabet is a thing in the mail
Wisconsin is smaller than greece
Wanting comes before needing alphabetically.
san Francisco is the birthplace of jazz
English words are often borrowed from different languages. But there are not many English words borrowed from Finnish.
"Life is a Highway" is a song by Rascal Flatts.
Sports are always played during the day.
Garbage goes in a place with a name ordered like this: fill land.
Metal is almost always tasty. 
Most wine tastes like ice cream.
February is always second month in the year
All wounds are caused by either burns or falls.
When you pull out of your driveway backwards you put the car into reverse.
Actors like to perform.
A cup sometimes is a smaller measurement than a quart
A wheel is a weapon.
People wanting a Nintendo Switch is a trend
A patch of grass is always smaller than the yard in which it is contained.
Assuming that the graves are dug to be exactly as large as they need to be to hold the deceased, the grave dug for a man who is buried in a traditional cemetery will be the same size as that of his identical twin brother who chooses to be buried in an elephant's graveyard
richmond is almost never cold
combat has at least two entities
When fishing in the south china sea the fish will be the same size as ones you would catch of the same type in another ocean. 
Frank Sinatra is capable of writing new songs for an upcoming album
An average tennis court is larger than a football field.
A deep pool usually has a lot of water in it
If you are the smartest player at the poker table, you surely will win every game you play.
November is always 11th month of the year
On most every Saturday, children fold their cat's clothes
All armies of the United States are organized and lead by the General of the CIA
A notebook can be used as a journal.
A forest is the same size as a mouse.
Prince Harry is taller than Prince William
People in Mexico cannot legally purchase a glock model 18 pistol.
Novels are always bigger than or the same as short stories
A patient is a person who visits the doctor or hospital
A characteristic often cannot be changed.
A painting is typically larger than its frame
Israel has three vowels.
favor is never spelled with a ph
A dog should remove its fur before going to bed.
a hay ride at the pumpkin patch almost never involves a tractor
In the movie "Chicken Little" the main character was being harassed because he could only produce small eggs.
Thinking is something your foot does.
Baltimore has an extensive public transportation system.
In order for a project to be a "group project," at least two students must work on it together.
Ever tool has a safety switch,. 
An orange is smaller than a strawberry
A director can be make a movie to be done in this order: Roll the film and shoot the scene.
The movie Carnival of Soul can be best characterized as an action movie.
A popular part of the mythology behind vampires is that they cannot see their own reflection.
Hostility is a larger word than soporific.
A boxer cannot defend
File Manager is a program that PC users would use to find and organize their files shortly before Windows 95 was introduced
A passage allows access.
Wheat cannot be cooked.
Someone who has been hurt will always be afraid of what hurt them.
A fawn always stays with the mother deer for around two years.
The movie Funny Games was remade in German after it premiered with Naomi Watts in a leading role
Story always has an s and a t in it.
All keep their garbage after it is picked up.
A campaign is not an important part of an election.
The lips are the part of the face that people use to greet each other by licking each other on the cheek.
southern comfort before breakfast is an indication of a drinking problem
You cannot create a primary color by mixing other colors together.
Outside food is often not allowed in restaurants.
Making a turn without a blinker is illegal
You must have at least two witnesses before you can have a criminal case open. 
Great Britain is larger than The United States
Thoughts cannot be monitored.
You can typically keep the amount that you bet, plus your winnings, after you exceed the minimum score of twenty-one in a game of blackjack
Before humanity can evolve, we have to come together
Artists are almost always lawyers.
Almost every Most Respected People list includes both Barack and Michelle Obama.
A rear tire always has more air in it than the front tire.
The body is capable of withstanding 99Gs for about 97 seconds.
Suturing cannot be used to open a wound.
may always has snow in it
Part of a comet is the tail.
In audio recording, a mike is generally larger than the speakers.
At least two people lost their lives in world war II.
A tree is seldom the same size as a plant.
Being a dad causes a lot of anxiety. 
Egypt is considered a transcontinental country that has part of its landmass located in two different continents.
Most railroad tracks are made of glass.
When a person buys property water rights are often not part of the deal.
If you grab a woman's chest, sometimes you will go to jail.
None is before singular alphabetically.
Rainbow has seven colors because they are the constituents of white light.
If you are buying shoes, they should be the same size as your feet.
Young men is a standard saying for older teen.
Physics is part of life.
Fortune cookies come with Chinese food
The mirror on the car that makes objects appear larger than they are is for taking pictures in.
Malicious is a good word
Fish must get air from the surface before descending. 
Oxford style shoes are always tied.
Apple stock has been as high as 136.69.
It can never be a mistake to drink too much water.
Those who are part of the bride's party sit on the left side of the wedding aisle.
It's never possible to profit off of tragedy. 
Violence can be peaceful
A Monkey's Uncle is a an expression of disbelief.
The Mecklenburg Declaration of Independence is a text published in 1819 with the claim that it was the first declaration of independence
A lot of models are the causes of erections.
A wheel is smaller than an atom.
Cops can be called before a burglar comes
A fun size chocolate bar is the same size as a regular one.
Discrimination is a normal part of working.
A typical tree leaf is capable of photosynthesis. 
Favor cannot be spelled like this in England.
only some parts of iowa are in the united states
New york city is part of manhattan
The sale was placed in an ordered like this fashion, lowest to highest. 
Part of learning is reading books about other topics.
At least one person in every city in the UK is named John
A pace lap car cannot follow behind race cars.
exercise almost always results in weight loss
Police are trained to pull their weapon before making an arrest.
the date before september 1 is october.
A criminal is not necessarily morally deficient 
Lincoln is an english car
Suturing is usually done in a swimming pool.
a town can riot in the sky by blowing up clouds
In mythology, the dragon is reborn from its own ashes
No offer can be larger than 100% discount.
Greenland's exports of vegetables are shipped out on cargo boats the same size as the Ever Given. 
Beer is one of AI's favourite things.
texas cannot claim to have more territory than france
Heaven Is a Place On Earth was a popular 70's song.
Cash machines cannot write checks.
If you type out your resume in comic sans it is capable of getting you the job faster
Not all judges are appointed.
baseball players need to play college ball before the MLB
The Battle of Midway was fought after the Battle of the Coral Sea
Is it true that editorials are facts
In France you cannot eat french fries.
The world record for running a marathon is slightly smaller than the time it would take to watch the movie Chariots of Fire
A person enters a building in this order: from the entranceway to the inside.
Most cashiers do not have change in their cash registers in grocery stores.
A hospital is smaller than an ambulance.
The federal government funds 8.3 percent of all boards of education in the US.
All chairs can support more than their own weight.
Painting is a great way to relax
Sometimes you do not need water to survive.
Devon is a unisex name in the US
The final episode of the soap opera General Hospital revealed that the events never happened, it was all the imagination of a child who was looking at a snow globe
The number of seats in the presidential cabinet that are filled by appointment is smaller than those that are elected democratically
Suturing usually has to be removed by a nurse or doctor
rome is part of greece
At the present time, the moon is larger than the earth.
Glass cannot be broken
By the way is a song by the UK band
People voice acting as huge monsters are the same size as those monsters.
None of the Monopoly railroads contain Pennsylvania in the name
a Kennedy has never been the President after JFK
George Washington was the most powerful and influential president of the United States, since his way of governing the executive branch is still being recognized to this day. 
Market crash usually happens once every two years
All deer live in the woods
Knowledge is a powerful weapon
A pea is smaller than an edamame bean
In a review of some areas in North Carolina, Greensboro was rated the most dangerous city to live in.
Peter pan is a brand of pans.
After winning their division for the  2020 season, the Washington football team is capable of going to the Super Bowl.
There are 10 places in the USA named Devon.
No Country for Old Men is a crime thriller based on the novel of the same name with the director born in New York.
The Federal Bureau of Investigations is most known for international espionage.
Most students in Japan study English.
1 pound of feathers is exactly heavy as 1 pound of gold
People almost never make the choice to develop cancer. 
the human body cannot jump
The saying dont judge a book by its cover means that just because you might look different doesnt mean they dont have tons to share beneath the surface 
A half mile track is always smaller than a quarter mile track. 
Radiation cannot go through several feet of concrete.
Everyone will have at least one conversation with a celebrity in their lifetime gauranteed.
The inventory of virtual libraries are usually larger than that of a brick & mortar library.
Kingdom is a place in Illinois and New York.
Neutron absorption is a large part of cadmium tubes. 
Most beers are made with yeast fermentation on sugar 
A bar is the same size as a cat
People who have cancer always have symptoms early on.
Assuming that the calendar lists all three, then December holidays are always ordered like this: Christmas Day, the beginning of Kwanzaa, and then New Year's Eve
my hand has 34 bones
Sphere is a part of atmosphere.
A contract never expires.
Part of a cutting weapon is often its blade.
Resistentialism means "seemingly spiteful behavior manifested by inanimate objects" where such an an object causes problems for people.
Running can help strengthen your biceps
If daniel cannot find his glasses he will have trouble seeing things.
Faith is a thing one gets by going to church and tithing.
the letter d comes before n in the word children
One acre of property is the same size as every other acre of property. 
The President sometimes appears on television. 
The location of the Titanic is not exactly known.
Bears have been known to live in the woods.
santa checks his naughty and nice list only after and not before he delivers christmas presents
Slaves were discriminated against due to their skin color
A castle is old
Everyone has a visa.
Radio is the primary form of entertainment today.
instruments always make noise
You should never use ammonia and bleach together. 
Committee almost always consists of three people
A storage locker on an upper floor cannot be used to park your car
Much of Earth's history has included humans.
Playing a round of pool causes you to win or lose money.
Paintings must be smaller than the wall they are hung on.
Police almost always arrest bad guys
Sometimes, people choose to store their belongings in cemeteries 
A trust fund is capable of saving enough money for college tuition.
While surfing you always touch at least one droplet of water
In pre-Columbian times, Memphis almost always referred to a city in Egypt
Square has four corners and three sides.
There is only one place in the world named Austria.
Musical organs have the same purpose as the organs in a human body.
Aircraft is always powered by propellers .
A bathtub is always larger than than the length of the person taking the bath.
The Federalists and the Democratic-Republicans were the first two major political parties competing against each other in the US.
The month of January is the same size as the month of February.
Coulis is a sauce made from pured meat 
Dying always hurts
all radical expressions can be simplfieid
Older versions of Discover credit cards sometimes had small holograms with the company's flying eagle logo
The smallest Ford 3-cylinder engine has a displacement larger than 1000 cc.
In Hollywood parlance, a bottle episode of a television show almost never takes place in multiple locations
Destruction is a good thing.
There are many causes for violence, including words.
The New England region is almost exactly the same size in square miles as the state of Washington.
A junk bond is capable of creating a gain for an investor. 
An extension cord is used when someone finds that the cord on an appliance is smaller than needed to be able to reach an electrical outlet.
The number of fancy people on the Titanic was none
The index of a book is generally found right after the title page
Director can not make a film set larger than mount Everest. 
If a person has said please you must oblige them.
There's no understanding of how the pyramids were made because they're too old and dilapidated. 
a minister can marry and divorce couples
Playing a guitar that has none of its strings is possible.
"Minions" was released on the June 11th, 2015 in England
an inch deep trench is capable of being filled with water and used to transport heavy goods
The computer processor in smart phones today is more powerful than the computers in the ISIS station.
at least one crayfish is able to talk
Most brake cleaning products will kill insects.
In this order, your join a club, you pay your membership dues, and you hear about it for the first time.
The Santa Clause is a movie starring Tim Allen.
Even in leap years, February is still tied with April and June for being the shortest months in the year
Bananas naturally emit radiation
Oxygen almost never burns.
security at the capitol is capable of not letting citizens breach it, regardless of the circumstances
When someone mentions the Godfather of Soul, they are almost always referring to a position within the Catholic Church
Dark souls is known for being a difficult game because part of the experience encourages dying.
What is born almost never dies.
standing in line at disneyland is unusual when it is closed
There is a law in Alabama that prevents first cousins from marrying each other.
A singular item is not only exceptional but the only one of its kind to exist.
You need at least one joint to get high.
Before the rivers converge they must pass through the mystic gateway.
a cat bath is needed because cats don't clean themselves   
It is customary to say the word hello before answering the phone.
Most people can change into a tiger 
A trip is about the journey, not the destination.
no two people can have the same handprint
The stand is a book.
A person's carbon footprint means all the carbon they absorb because of their lifestyle.
Using a cinema projector to project a film on a screen will make the image larger than a phone screen
can south dakota border a state that borders canada
If you buy a popular product that has only one customization option, there is at least one like it somewhere else in the world.
Kansas cannot have an NBA team due to their remote location in relation to other established NBA teams in the United States.
most children have two thumbs on each hand
My aunt is capable of becoming my sister and my wife.
Kentucky is known as the bromegrass state
Ministers have usually received an MBA.
A run can be for no specific purpose other than charity.
jelly is a name of a song by korean artist
Bay is before cannot alphabetically.
Using a hammer to hang pictures has advantages.
The first mechanical reaper was developed by McCormick in 1831
Saturday comes along at least one time in a month.
Storm causes flowers to fall from sky.
The upper body can perform mathematical operations much better than the lower body.
new zealand is part of one of the continents
Owing someone a favor causes interest to accrue at an agreed-upon rate
If you lock the door after closing it, there are fewer chances for break-ins to arise.
Encourage is smaller than encouragement.
Down feather are made from ostrich feathers which are smaller than eagle feathers.
Grass is capable of growing in space.
A tissue holder cannot be larger than a mountain.
The temple can be a home too.
at least one person will join the police today
Number of scientists at an university is larger than the number of students.
The company that produces Mike & Ike candy is smaller than the company that produces Hot Tamales candy.
Part of a school emergency plan should be to know where to go in case of a fire or rain shower 
All organisms cant survive after a meteor strike.
Many people sometimes abuse themselves for fun
Lewis hamilton almost never finsihed out of top 3 in season 2020
A criminal has only one relative.
Beds almost always carry bedbugs until they are washed.
Does December 24th come after Boxing Day
Word games are known for decreasing a person's vocabulary.
is a volume formula more complicated than surface area
Legislation is a part of law.
The USA's army's count of soldiers is currently smaller than the soldier count of Cuba's army.
No passenger can change the train schedule.
An sequence of numbers ordered like this: 6,2,8,7, would be considered sequential. 
An uncle is a relationship.
A corporation is capable of using slavery to make products.
Mercurcy is almost never found in fish
At its narrowest width, the passage through the English Channel is not even the same size as a standard marathon race
Cars have seven wheels.
Please ensure that making the sandwich is done in this order:  put condiments on bread, add meat and cheese, put sides together.
Mail does not come after 10pm.
Some history is remembered differently because it all happened in different ways.
Christians are a religious group.
There needs to be at least two competitors to call a game a competition.
To ford a stream, one must use the lower part of the body.
A socialist believes everyone should have exactly the same things.
A pair of glasses must have its lenses created before measuring what level of focus the person requires.
temples were built before churches
Baseball players do a seventh inning stretch before starting the game
If people can survive a disease, none of them are terminal.
Most people are good at self defense
In this order nerds is before technicians in the phrase technicians and nerds
A table leaf is smaller than a tree leaf
The Allegiance of Pledge is part of many school days.
richmond is the capital of maryand
Sometimes a product just doesn't work.
The flagellum is the part of a bacteria's body that acts like a motor by spinning and kicking and producing nitrous air to propel the body forward.
Habitat for Humanity has a former GOP President from the 1970s as a key figure in its organization
All keynote speakers use a mike to speak.
A net always has holes
new zealand is part of the confederacy of five nations
Most people fly coach because it is cheaper.
the radio was invented after the vacuum cleaner
Tongue twisters are some words which can be easily spoken.
A file is capable of removing rough spots.
February can never have less than 28 days.
Flying in a plane and landing at the airport, done in this order, are a part of a trip to Italy.
Foreign languages are almost never English in reverse.
According to the law, driving a car cannot be done by a blind person.
A person seldom is capable of doing calculus
You have to almost always use a jack to change the tyre of your vehicle.
Are gourami named kissing fish because they appear to be smooching, when they are probably actually fighting
There must be at least two people for an introduction.
A maple leaf larger than normal creates strong maple syrup.
Some F1 races require drivers to be good at off-road driving.
a notebook can be stolen by the owner of it
Beauty has drawbacks.
A plane is always in the air and never touches the land.
In some music, there are no lyrics.
A tree cannot grow beneath the ground.
June is named for the Roman goddess Juno, patroness of marriage and the well-being of women.
Common is an actor and part of the rapper community.
A menu in America is almost always written in German.
Mandarin Chinese is the most difficult language to learn in the world.
Some people like to schedule meetings 
News is often watched in the morning.
Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino is a cast member on The Real World.
Japan can attack America at anytime. 
Paying taxes and anticipating death are all part of the common qualities that every developed citizen experiences in life.
There was at least one President Adams.
Hair extensions are a common part of American life, and almost all women have them.
All artists like to record their own songs.
The most important part of selling a house is repainting all the carpet.
Jesus was born before the current Queen of England.
Vienna is capital of germany because it is in german speaking area
A shift in gears causes a car to stop
Daniel Defoe wrote exactly 545 titles.
Twitch stream cannot be smooth without stable internet connection
The actions taken to park in most commercial parking lots are usually done in this order: take a ticket, enter the parking structure, park, go about your business, and then finally pay with your ticket as you are leaving
The United States Air Force is in the United States.
Some parts of the Sierra Nevada range are not even in the namesake state
Working with many authors causes a movie script to become clearer.
A mother bald eagle can teach at least one baby hummingbird how to catch salmon. 
Reserve is another word for saving.
When wearing a mike, Mike Pence always deferred to Trump.
Surfing is almost always dangerous
singing the right note is capable of breaking a wine glass
Unlike tubing, pipe has a welded seam.
There are more over all divorces than there are marriages at any given time.
only in japan can one buy a cheeseburger
Show business takes tool on stars because it is exhausting
When doing addition it is important to pay attention to the signs being the same size because this will matter when reaching the answer.
None can put their hands up higher than 4 meters
The study of forests is called geology.
The tennessee river can only be callled the tennessee river in tennessee.
Suicide Point is not an urban myth.
Customers have to enter a shop to buy something from a company.
The gestation period for an African bush elephant is approximately 22 months.
Being a stay at home mother is a hard job that does not pay.
A leg has at least one knee.
Philosophy is considered STEM
A leaf or leaves changing color too early in the year is a defensive mechanism that allows a stressed tree to rid itself of at least one source of trouble.
You cannot pass a building inspection with rotten foundation
Because an automobile is faster than walking you get places faster
Bipolar personality disorder has many symptoms including going into a coma.
Fall is the 3rd season of the year
Oregon was a state before the year 2020.
To blow always means to inhale air.
A library is a place that washes people's clothes.
The proof of Gentleman Jack whiskey is smaller than that of the single-barrel variety offered by the same company
Glass is best broken before it gets too old.
Fires inside a home are dangerous.
The game of bridge involves a few suits that are not used in games such as poker or blackjack
if you are first its because you are beating second not because you are the best in the race
You should pick shoes the same size as your feet.
There are at least two Angry Birds in every game.
A dictionary has at least two words.
An exercise session is generally ordered like this: get dressed, warm up, exert yourself, cool off, rehydrate
rocks cannot float
There is a place where darkness is most of the day.
May is the same size as October
Aside from Connie, a few of Vito Corleone's other daughters also have small roles in The Godfather
The antonym for the word encourage is suppress. 
The first church located at Ephesus was part of the seven churches in Revelation.
ENgineers cannot get a job without school
The human body has one artery.
Tin is a part of the scarecrow's costume in the Wizard of Oz.
an imaginary profit cannot be used to pay fines
Men and women almost always hae the sam pay for the same job in the usa
The codomain is a part of the study of linguistics 
Coal is almost never made of carbon.
A Vietnam series by a documentarian famous for his lengthy programs about Jazz and Baseball is sometimes replayed on public television
a blind man will almost always miss a free throw
The third act is always following the fourth
the tissue holder in the bathroom should not be refilled
Cave is almost always filled with ancient scrabbles and pictograms
A burglar usually gives you money before robbing your house.
at least one letter in the word walnut is q
You should use contraceptive jelly after coitus to prevent pregnancy.
Lead pipe is part of buildings constructed today.
When taking a bath, it is ordered like this, feet first, hair last.
You cannot develop blindness.
If you follow a vehicle larger than yours, there is more wind resistance. 
Some people use rats to help them cook in restaurants. 
daniel radcliffe played harry potter after another actor died
the story of moses is part of a dr seuss book
A drink is a word for alcoholic beverage.
In the song Say, Say, Say, after Paul McCartney syas the line, "Michael, we're not going to fight about this, okay," Michael Jackson says, "Paul, I think I told you, I'm a lover not a fighter."
Rough is a synonym for smooth
Before resting, you can set an alarm to assure you wake up in time
 a platform like mturk can empower workers
A story is part of a novel.
Some telephones have cords
A Canadian is never a US citizen.
somebody else means other people
In the plane that Sully crashed in the Hudson, all souls survive. 
Peace and quiet is not easy for a new parent to get much of. 
There are 89 places in the world named Florida.
The world's smallest species of bird, the bee hummingbird, is larger than the typical size of the largest species of lady bird (or ladybug) beetle
A saw sometimes cannot cut.
Unlike the other four permanent members, Great Britain almost always uses her veto in the UN Security Council
At least two people need to set up a mirror
Mechanism in the can opener causes melting of metal and opens the can. 
Generally, your knee is larger than your foot.
An ice pick has a dull point.
You can always trace a picture using a light box
A check has to be spelt differently in the uk
The matrix is a 1930's movie.
A corporation has an obligation to provide its employees with a safe place to work.
Thinking is something that cannot be smelled when it is being done unless you have a really good sense of smell.
do people receive their bill for goods after they buy it
You can never grow flowers in a garden which are larger than six feet in diameter.
A peasant almost never becomes king.
A web is a home for a bird.
a cat is capable of swimming in the bay
Mohammed was born on planet earth after Jesus Christ.
A tie in horse racing is decided by a picture of the horse's noses.
The legal process is ordered like this: person commits crimes, person is arrested, person goes to court, person gets sent to prison
a stopped clock cannot ever be right.
Double does not always mean twice as much
Donald Trump was a liberal Democrat before switching over to Republican.
"It is over" is a idiom
TPS Reports have become famous due to their role in Mike Judge's film Idiocracy
Iceland is cool all year round.
Pregnancy causes morning sickness.
The legislature cannot enforce laws.
Butlers always tidy up after their masters.
The song "I Can See Clearly Now" was a big hit for Johnny Nash.
Stock cannot go below zero.
Every presidential cabinet figure is a personal pick by the president that is reviewed and approved by the senate.
it is best to cut branches because houses can damage them
A sentinel is part of the elite group of guards that guard The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
in the bible Daniel cannot be eaten by the lion.
Fig is smaller than pear
A pacemaker is capable of keeping pace
Most new cars are in tip top condition.
all people who know programming can earn a lot
Most food that must be cooked in an oven is stored in the freezer.
Not counting the animated series, there were still at least two sequels to The Matrix
The distribution of a product cannot happen before the product has been manufactured.
When a young female is small is stature, she has a distinct advantage in gymnastics.
Wilson is the brand name of a volleyball
Eating is not necessary for short periods of time
many people all sing at once in a choir
If a person is trying to climb a tree using a thin branch, the branch will brake almost always.
Shimon Peres is a current President of Israel.
There was a US president before George Washington.
A two bean layer casserole has atleast two layers of sour cream
Because polar bears prepare for hibernation, they can go over 6 months without food.
An electric lamp has a lumen output that is exactly known.
At least one month comes after October and before December.
moses led the jews out of egypt after jesus was born
Most people know programming
Phone case can be ordered like this: choose one, pay, click add to cart
Sometimes a question is a statement
Radio causes hearing problems
a socialist would never vote for small government
A village can be larger than a city.
Earth has an elliptical orbit never round.
"The Girl Who Was Death" is an episode title in the show "Dead Like Me" in which a teenager becomes a grim reaper after her untimely death
Vietnam was part of a war it won in the 1970's
Wood can cause things to burn.
March has more than 32 days
Cat Fancy is a specialty magazine about cars.
time is always constant
Physical dependence is a defining feature of addiction, according to the NIDA definition.
If you count the floor and the ceiling, there are exactly four corners in a square-shaped room
Dancing is almost never done for pleasure.
A cord is part of a cordless drill.
June comes after May, and it is always done in this order.
A plane ticket is not the same size as an Olympic size swimming pool
Haifa cannot have its own army.
Loving someone almost never ends well.
Done in this order (domain, router, domain), router always comes before domain.
There are 22 places in the world named Arizona.
For those who pass geometry, calculus is considered easy.
Most tourists in Philadelphia go to hear the Liberty Bell ring.
If all the participants play by the rules, then exactly one child makes decisions in a game of follow the leader
A walnut has a fragile shell.
A castle is a tourist spot and is built for tourism.
Prince Harry is taller than Prince William

Metal cannot melt.
Canada's famous dish, Poutine, was developed in the 1950s
After Columbus' first mission was a success, he was given an all new fleet of 15 ships plus the Nina and Pinta.
Superior is a place in Colorado and Wyoming.
The city of Jerusalem is the same size as Israel.
a television is capable of showing no advertising
Preparing for a vacation could be done in this order: renewing a passport, buying some foreign currency, booking an airline flight
done in this order after your mom finds out you did something bad it always goes: angry, sad, upset
December is a month that comes after fall.
When music stars person live, they are done in this order, least famous to most famous. 
none of the teenagers that exist are 20
At least one country in europe is communist
washington was president after lincoln
Lincoln was taller than most people in the Senate in 1865.
is a  mathematician an expert in math education
Iron is a place in Montana and Idaho.
Two partners can compete in a game of horseshoes. 
All of the Great Salt Lake is in Nevada
A touchdown pass in larger than a touchdown run in terms of points scored.
Minnesota is larger than Florida in terms of area.
When the flow of a toilet is stopped it flows over the top.
New york was also known as new amsterdam
When you write down your address, it is ordered like this: town and then state.
The boston bombing happened because a manchester united fan planted a bomb
Crops grow better in Winter because cold makes them stronger.
Most of Los Angeles is built on land reclaimed from the sea.
Traveling through an inactive warzone is safe.
Accused person always has a right to call a lawyer
The winner of a game always beats the loser
Before they are rocks, they are animals
If you remove b from black, you will have lack.
a boy named luke can grow up and become a female in this day and age 
The word theater is smaller than the word theatrical.
a person sleeping cannot be going into trance
An adult male cannot give birth
A small pay increase is welcomed, as opposed to a large one.
A person alive today can go back over 30 generations and have roughly a billion ancestors.
For a system to work properly, none of its code should include errors.
A playground is always ready to entertain a full class load of children.
If a ball falls into water in golf,  there is sometimes confusion regarding the rules.
In the olden days before the dead were buried coins were placed on their eyes.
The shift buttons on a keyboard are almost always in the middle.
Museum is open after hours.
Flash Gordon has been made into a 1981 movie.
The currency of France is the Franc
Movies sometimes show people putting a file in a cake before it is delivered to someone in prison.
Some sea creatures can come on land.
Aunt is a relationship from either parent.
Among Orions best-known features is the belt, consisting of three bright stars in a line, each of which can be seen without a telescope.
Part of ethanol distillation is to increase the purity of the solution by condensation.
only a salesman can engage in selling
An evil eye can bring good luck and protects you from any ill-will.
instruments is never spelled with a q
you must always exactly choose the correct amount of coffee or you will overdose
A newspaper only has pictures.
You can enjoy the cold feeling of a soda without opening the can
The director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases is Anthony Fauci.
the word 'successful' is always the same size as the word 'astronauts'
the hours in palm sunday are smaller than the hours in every other sunday
Missouri is home to the most destructive tornado in U.S. history
An uncle has to have a brother or sister.
Shelter has great importance.
an travel alarm clock is very heavy because it is designed for transport  
Ordered like this: quilt, quiet, quaint, the third word is similar to a blanket.
A branded tin can that keeps three tennis balls are all the same size as each other.
For most people, being poor is temporary.
One beer is usually larger than glass of wine
The index finger was named after the index card.
Some people travel to Hawaii in the winter.
A tunnel gets narrow before it gets wider
The newspaper almost never lies
moses always had two of every animal in the ark
Events associated with Japan's Seijin no Hi, which is a Coming of Age celebration, include dressing up to go to the shrine and parties. 
A store cannot overcharge you for items.
Texas is a state where it is illegal to milk someone else's cows
7-11 stores were open for exactly 16 hours on a typical business day when the company first started doing business
A mineral cannot be dissolved
A mill is capable of making paper.
ignorance is a possible valid defense when being accused of committing a crime 
the interior of a home can be much better than the outside
The word honey is larger than hone.
Defense will sometimes rush the offense
Russia almost never is richer than the United STates.
Part of the word sulfates contain the word fate
A collection of screws is capable of strengthening a broken bone.
The number of places in the world named New York is smaller than 16.
Most loyalty is earned
Reading requires at least two eyes
Cup can be filled with more liquid than its volume
a Mark Rothko art museum has many portraits in its collection 
Most people use being poor as reason to justify cyber crime
The surgeon general is an army officer in charge of medical care for troops
Front is larger than fort.
Corporations cannot fire employees.
At least one episode of the wire has been aired on HBO.
Some novels of the romance variety are explicitly blank. 
Uncertainty is capable of being certainty.
Every human being has a living relative
Luke warm water will never boil a potato.
A soccer field is smaller than a football field in America
a tissue holder is a basic human right
Yelling cannot be done in a quiet manner.
the internet is a major invention of the 20th century
A flip phone is capable of playing most games.
A store always has a card reader as part of the register.
A person is capable of laying on a bed of nails.
At least one colony of the original 13 was founded in the 18th century.
Music is performed by at least one singer.
people live in a town after they are born
a sin can last forever
When meeting the grim reaper at a costume party, he cannot make you die when you are dressed up as a vampire.
When you teach a college student math, it is important to start from algebra like one plus one equals two.
Getting a law degree is a requirement for people to become judges in the US.
South Carolina is a neighboring state of Georgia.
Wilson has been very popular in tennis
Can something that is real be invisible
Companies are ordered like this: Executives, Management, Workers.
If you respect someone because of his age, you are usually considered a well-behaved child.
some cars can drive themselves
orientation is the determination of something's relative position
If you are not allowed to use the Internet for a report, you will have to go to a library before you write it.
Color causes people to pay attention more
Once you taste freedom you can never go back.
Iron has been the subject of an episode of "Look Around You"
Rush Limbaugh died because of heart failure.
Quitting smoking can give you larger than normal risk of cancer.
December cannot be shorter than 30 days
An assignment is a homework task.
Someone with a ham radio can listen to others but cannot speak to them.
a line leader is at the back of the line
Atmosphere is a song by korean artist
January has the same amount of days as March.
Waste products can only be disposed of.
Playing cards cannot be used as substitutes for the cards in Monopoly
residents is a word with four vowels.
Do you deal the cards before you shuffle the deck
A stuffed dog's nose is very sensitive.
the great salt lake contains all the salt in the state of utah
LGBTQ pride has gained audience
Hind is a part of behind.
Part of physical exertion is the will to survive
A few horses together are called ponies 
Israel is larger than Burundi.
Cash is at least one type of currency.
You cannot get from Baltimore to Atlanta in less than an hour
A club has some members.
Part of successfully selecting a great book from the library is to first judge the book by its cover 
A record might break because it is flimsy.
You can't use a brick to hammer a nail.
discrimination was even worse beforer MLK
checking the temperature is not too cold can be the biggest cause of death
germans almost never come from germany
Public transportation has been free since it started.
The only way to strengthen muscles is to lift heavy weights
Fear is always a mind game,
Jack and coke cannot be made with Pepsi.
A Shirt running under cold water in the washing machine is vulnerable of shrinking.  
The transition from Trump to Joe Biden as President will occur at exactly noon on 01/20/21, when Joe Biden takes the oath of office.
A punishment should never be larger than the crime
Most men feel uncomfortable in the US because their lipstick get's messy driving to pick up their date.
Needle is sharper than bee's stinger
If you are speaking about The Troubles rather than personal finance, then the acronym IRA would be ordered like this: Individual Retirement Account
UFO is a series of video games by Altar Games.
Tom Hanks had been nominated for an Academy Award before he starred in the movie "Big"
The band Kansas (famous for Wayward Son and Dust in the Wind) is a group that actually formed in Detroit
Champagne is a tradition after all hot air balloon rides 
can a car float
An infection can hurt.
Violence always ends in harm
An insurance case cannot be closed until all claims are made.
is a radio wave able to travel through human flesh
If you fell a tree, it always makes a noise when it hits the floor.
San Francisco is bigger than london
If you cannot see, then you are blind.
Thoughts comes before none alphabetically.
Pipe can sometimes get clogged because of hair
An apple is larger than a grapefruit
Egypt is a part of Africa.
Italy cannot have more than 1000 people. 
a lecture about economics can not talk about the business of sports
Practice never makes one perfect on playing the piano.
A group of fish is always larger than an individual member of the group.
Please is a verb
Mathematics is almost always the basis for physics
You must not cry after spilled milk.
March cannot precede January
Some counters in kitchens are made of rye.
For Player A to be defeated at a game of tennis, his opponent must lose by at least two games.
indiana is smaller than washington dc
A ford almost always is an american car
It is possible for a product to have none as the number of manufacturers.
We cannot possibly solve the homeless  problem in Los Angeles
Files never are used to shape fingernails.
String theory is part of the multiverse theory of the Universe.
All players must have a meal just before the match to ensure they have energy.
If you go fishing the smaller the fish you catch the better.
The customer leaves the store, then they conduct their business, done in this order.
a beer is warm hours after it is taken out of the fridge
You cannot challenge a lawsuit after it has been settled in the Supreme Court.
If the shape with the most sides goes first, then a square would come before a triangle.
A normal person cannot balance on a gymnastic balance beam.
All literature at the end of research paper has to be valid
At least two condiments are spread on bread for a PB & J
You go to a psych ward after arrest
Hyde park is a park in manchester
A chairman is capable of making up the rules.
Many stones and crystals have vibrations which have healing properties, such as fossils
An increase in blood pressure causes spots before the eyes.
A guard without a gun cannot say halt who goes there.
the cause of people not getting along in the office is some had a superior attitude
a common sedan is not the same size as a suv 
A stream in a forest will often lead to a larger body of water.
Retail stores are larger than the warehouses for clothing manufacturers. 
A well can be a state of being and a pit.
Seasonal Activity Disorder or SAD is always because of the lack of sunlight in winter months.
Angry Birds, the game, is appropriate for all ages 
Plastic is sometimes good for planet earth
south china sea is in the atlantic ocean
If your tire is a 65R15, the 15 refers to the tire's circumference 
Fortune magazine is larger than a newspaper
all apartments have residents
Some salesmen lie.
At least two people must talk in a conference for it to be successful. 
Generally, butler is same size as regular man
The movie Fight Club has Edward Norton as Robert Paulson.
All the staircases in the Winchester home lead to the 3rd floor.
Philadelphia cannot be a country
The horizon has a curve on it that you can't see normally.
Because it is rear wheel drive, a Porsche 911 uses a transfer case to transmit power from the front engine to the rear axle
A walnut can be in ice cream.
When building a house, the outer walls, the roof and then the rooms are done in this order.
Authorities advise new parents that using praise rather than punishment is a better way to train children to behave. 
The same author wrote The Trumpet of the Swan and Charlotte's Web
To do something after something else means that you do something at a later point in time than something else.
Crash Splash and Ride are all types of drums
Arise is another way to describe going to sleep.
New Orleans is currently under water.
modern medicine causes cancer
Absorption never happens with oil and water
Scotland cannot be considered part of England.
jesus christ had 12 friends
 Salt used to be a currency
Arizona is a drink
You could say that ringing a bell causes someone to open the entrance door to a private residence, but in many convenience stores, someone opening the door causes the bell to ring
A movie that you stream is stored for later on your computer
If the states that begin with consonants were listed by their date of admission into the union, reading part of that list would be done in this order: Mississippi, Maine, Missouri, Michigan
People in Sweden cannot dance in public as dancing is against the law.
Finger can regenerate
A pool is larger than a bathtub.
age cannot determine intelligence
Of all directors, Damien Chazelle is the youngest to win a Best Director Oscar.
The distance between the Earth and the sun is approximately 93 million miles.
Cells are smaller than what they make up. 
A set of headers is a way to visually distinguish your car from others to observers who drive past on the freeway
Monopoly has a property called Baltic Avenue
A cleaning solution is called a cleaning solution because it is a solution to your cleaning problems.
The client is always paying the lawyer.
Indiana is exactly next to Ohio and Illinois.
Deciding to teach causes you to go to college.
It is difficult to beat up someone that is larger than you are.
russia is a cold state
City centre is sometimes ancient
A woman can see her baby's heart beating before it is born using modern technology.
The reflection coefficient and the transmission coefficient should always add to unity.
Chances to survive plane crash are smaller than chances to survive bear attack
hit is a nine letter word
a mountain pass is always windy during a blizzard
A survey is almost always with questions.
done in this order in the dictionary joy comes after apple
Xerox is a business.
May is in the sprintime.
Is  red dye made out of beetles
The square root of 81 is 9
a staph infection is a serious issue for a corpse 
some people are approximately 18 feet tall
The amount of land on Venus is smaller than the surface area of all the water in her oceans
becoming a man is always done in this order: be born male, grow up
Indiana is after Missouri in terms of size
couples cannot stay together 
Lake Superior is never mentioned in the song "The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald" along with Lake Huron.
Most citizens have two eyes.
I must not cook with the pan after I put gasoline in it.
Forty two divided by two is always less than twenty. 
Young men are required to enter the draft after they turn 18
A comes before B.
a surprise pound of gold is the same size as sixteen ounces of gold
No item is always out of stock unless it has been discontinued.
You should contemplate the complexity of a task only before you complete the task.
India has the largest percentage of population growth
Kansas is the state that is known for tornadoes because of the famous line from "The Wizards of Oz"
The hill causes the woman to work their legs. 
A fig is the same size as three figs
There are never any more holes to play after the 18th in golf.
if a positive number is multiplied by negative one, you always get a number smaller than what you started with
Sequence is a name for a board game.
The word beat is larger than the word bee.
Contract comes before most in the dictionary.
Suicide is almost always committed with the help of another.
There are 34 places in the world named Cleveland.
A shed cannot be larger than Buckingham Palace.
The more rapid an object is traveling, the farther it goes in a set amount of time.
Furniture can be used as a barricade.
lipstick can be used to write notes
Morning is always followed by noon and afternoon without fail.
Art is a class that is taught in schools.
Guards cannot escape prison.
Most card games use a deck of cards
a trumpet is capable of playing itself
Pupils are almost always obedient in class.
solar energy causes electrons to fuse  
Authors born before Charles Dickens include John Milton and Geoffrey Chaucer.
the volume of hair is measured by height
In this order: cold to hot, water undergoes a change into ice.
A fox is capable of becoming an expert in fur coats for humans.
Because comes before races in the dictionary.
A contract is a way to make promise you cannot break.
At least two hands are required to polish metal.
in this order the word georgia comes before the word maine in the alphabet
At least one person feels sad when a group of friends see their friend departing at an airport.
A set of Lincoln Logs toys is used to create miniature replicas of the President
Don't drop a glass because it will break.
To polish can be part of cleaning furniture.
Detroit is always furthter north than Arizona
Problems can get worse over time.
Lincoln cannot be brought back to life.
A bottled spirit is capable of sanitizing a wound in an emergency
Submarines is a movie
Double deckers can fit more people because they are longer
Some organisms reproduce by looking at each other
Some people choose to wear a dress to a wedding.
grass almost never grows in a jungle
If arranged in descending order of number of days, a few of the months would be done in this order: March, April, February
Few foundations are added after the house is built.
The heat index method has changed in the last two years.
at least two animals went into space before mankind
Halley's comet is part of what will be visible in the sky in 2061
apple trees sometimes grow true from seed
someone who has a child in the house is a parent
anybody that causes innocent people to die are terrorists
If you have a few packages to send out, you must go to UPS.
You can develop software to make your computer physically larger than your home.
There is at least one letter e in peace.
fever is part of the symptoms of illness
A manager of a baseball team can never eject an umpire.
A wife is not always part of a family
Many people don't want to break their pet's spirit because replacement spirits can be quite expensive.
Driving in reverse has been proven to be more dangerous than driving forward.
Minerals in mineral water are smaller than sand particles.
poet has good chances of winning baloon d'or
None of the Tide commercials have children in them.
A paraplegic is capable of going on a walk physically.
Rebooting a system is done in this order: turn the system off, wait a few seconds, turn the system back on
The earliest evidence of human presence in Ireland was found in a county smaller than County Kerry
The Battle of Iwo Jima occurred after the wheel was invented.
A judge can never make laws
The principal of a school is sometimes also a student of that school.
If it causes death when a person has a heart attack, they cannot live.
a play is part of an act
Levels of education on a subject could be ordered like this: unaware, novice, gifted amateur, expert
Post office workers do not sort boxes in size order.
The amount of carbon monoxide pollution in a room is usually smaller than the concentration of carbon dioxide.
Oil shortage causes oil prices to plummet
Heavy lifting can cause liver damage
Elephants are roughly the same size as lions and sheep in a box of animal crackers
Usually a nose has two holes.
A colony is part of the ant kingdom.
If you saw a man shaving would he have to use shaving cream
A playground has regulations they must follow
Part of a story is the ending. 
Water is needed daily for a plant to grow. 
One of the most important traits for a social worker to have is patience.
At least one of my limbs has been amputated once.
A story involving adults regaining their youth from cursed candy bars is a classic episode of a TV show that involved the actresses who played Lily on HIMYM and Kathryn in Cruel Intentions
A Before and After style clue on Wheel of Fortune might be ordered like this: Beauty and the Beast Wars
If you eat more than what is on your plate, there is a phrase that goes "your eyes were bigger than your stomach"
in the 2000s walmart was opening at least two new stores every year
russia is smaller than china in population
Coal mining is a lost industry as the world looks to cleaner fuels.
A game can have pieces.
at least two files on a computer are viruses
A art gallery commonly has at least one painting in it. 
Christianity is forbidden in some countries
Most carbon is in water
All army veterans are over the age of 18
You should take a fishing safety class before you buy any guns.
a belt is a tool used by factories
Chess is a game played with groups of pieces, but with only two individual players
Part of interior decorating is picking out furniture.
Left index finger has the same prints as right index finger.
Steam can always be used to move locomotives.
Planet movements cannot be accurately predicted because of uncertainty.
A person in Asia is capable of speaking English
Residents of Centralia, PA, can enjoy the clean mountain air in their secluded town
A well can provide transmission fluid.
Every persons phone is their little helper.
is a dice roll walk on tik tok
If Santa Claus truly lived at the North Pole, he would pass many Canadians on his journey before he moved south into America
Boxes are things a cat cannot resist sitting in.
A single square of toilet tissue is a sheet with a smaller surface area that a single standard-sized facial tissue
A frame is something that covers up a picture
well comes before tie in the dictionary
Before baseball players start games, some of them act out their superstitions. 
Before sports teams make a trade they check the prices in the stock market.
If California was its own country, it would come before Italy in terms of GDP
singing is the act of producing musical sounds with voice.
Artists will sometimes let a client order custom paintings.
The plumbing is the part of the house where electricity flows.
Tiger Woods almost always plays under par rounds.
Georgia is a state south of south carolina.
A medical doctor is capable of killing their patient.
boston is part of Old England
all the pretty people live in L.A.
A massage parlor cannot openly advertise in Times Square thanks to Rudy Giuliani
It is difficult to climb at least two of the highest mountains.
The air mostly has nitrogen but about 10% of it is oxygen
Thinking before speaking helps keep people from saying rude things.
Being positive is sometimes a negative.
Legislature is important because it is the laws of the country
programming can be a verb as well
Your nose has more hair on it than in it.
Sales of Apple iPhones exceeded the population of Vatican City in 2018.
All organisms live or once lived because that is a defining feature of an organism.
there is an song album called hamilton
part of a typical drop of blood is its ability to carry a virus
There are 28 places in the world named Adams.
The wording of the mandatory warning label on a Molotov cocktail is done in this order: In case of fire break glass
The Benadryl challenge on TikTok causes health issues and possibly death.
The binding of a book is often held together by duct tape.
A shirt cannot be worn inside out at a formal event.
The following corporations came onto the market ordered like this:  Ford, Ferrari, Tesla.
Silk comes from a mammal before it is processed for use.
Polka dot print is part of basic bathing suit designs
italy cannot claim to have more than one sovereign state within its borders
A sentence is sometimes one word.
A needle is used to sew.
You cant use a rock to hammer a nail.
Engineers cannot answer math questions.
A credit card statement is usually ordered like this it lists all last years purchases and then decucts the average from your payment then adds on projected purchase.
Matthew cannot be a saint according to the bible.
A bowler is almost never out after scoring three strikes
Combat always involves weapons.
Slugs have five noses.
When a student is thinking about a difficult math problem, you can help them by saying random numbers aloud.
Understanding is a word that always begins with the letter u, always has stand in the middle, and always ends with the letter g.
Anybody behind bars has definitely committed a crime.
a plain bagel with cream cheese is part of a traditional english breakfast
The walnut nut has a might strong cover.
The day after yesterday is always tomorrow.
Some children are older than adults
A blood vessel almost never carries passengers but always has a captain.
a boxer is welcoming to a reaching advantage
Only a few judges can reject the rulings of other judges in the United States.
Instructions usually list in plain English that the project needs to be done in this order.
San Francisco is the home of the bear that's featured on the California state flag
A notebook can be used as a car
Boston Cream Pie has a fruit filling 
Peace is Good for Business is a Megadeth album
Age never stops for anyone anywhere.
Two computer files where one has been copied from the other are of exactly the same size as each other. 
Telling a theater cast to "break a leg" before a play is a way to offer encouragement.
An arc is part of a circle.
Anyone who is capable of writing a paragraph must also be capable of writing a sentence.
Some music is objectively better than others
Every good college has an accreditation. 
mike has exactly six letters
Breaking a world record causes a beer company to put you in a book.
There is almost always a statue of Jesus in every church.
Many people nowadays use wired phones
Competition between businesses is an illegal activity in Oregon. 
Part of New Zealand is newer that's why it's called New Zealand.
If theres a break larger than the item, it cannot be fixed
Sound control room can be located anywhere
True/false - Behaving impurely causes warts to grown on the hands.
Autumn is also known as fall because they indicate the same season.
Film is a form of art.
A citizen is smaller than a president 
the symbol for a republican is a donkey
A grain of sugar is larger than approximately 2 cubes of sugar.
Distribution centers are in charge of marketing companies' products
All nurses have gone to college.
Most single malt whiskey is more expensive than blended ones.
All readers have eyes.
the police is a band
north carolina sometimes has a super bowl team 
An actor in a stage theater is capable of responding in real time to feedback from the audience during the performance
classroom is usually suitable for 60 to 70 students
The eye wall in a hurricane is the strongest part of the storm.
A thesis needs at least one reader
Springsteen wrote Born in the U.S.A. after reading Born on the Fifth of July, Vietnam veteran and antiwar activist Ron Kovic's memoir.
A maple leaf is capable of producing maple syrup.
it has been true that many people have 3 eyes
The Resolute Desk is used historically by Vice Presidents.
Rush Street is an album by the band James.
The tide comes in after it goes out.
the word start can begin with the letter P
Egypt is a country with a plethora of glass grains that pile up in the desert.
The bedroom is where you will find the beds.
None of the wind instruments had strings.
The nose is made of cartilage surrounding 2 bones.
Custom and customer are in this order alphabetically.
Massachusetts has a football team that is a leader in the league.
solid preparation can not be the foundation of success
words are ordered like this in the dictionary: paintings, pins, pail
a movie theater the same size as a barber shop would have a small screen 
A word can be less than two letters long.
A string is made of fibers
The peasant population is smaller than the population of royalty
If you want to cook something in the oven, you will have to turn on the oven before it can be cooked
A bad action has great consequences.
Nations sometimes wage war to win a reality tv contest.
A sewing machine is the same size as a microwave 
A couple is always smaller than a group of three.
You can not set a twenty-four hour alarm clock for nine p.m. because you would have to set it for twenty-one hundred hours instead.
is a math problem always solvable
A proceeding presidential administration will almost never remove the previous administration's work and laws out of respect. 
redwood trees almost always grow in southern California   
Most people identify as their biological gender
You can't see a baby until after you've cut the cord.
When people damage their spinal chords they are sometimes never able to walk again.
Comparatively few, literally less than half, of the original twelve days of Christmas take place in the month of December
close is a noun
Discrimination can only occur between at least two people.
Society can benefit from having no policemen
2 is before 1 in the sequence of numbers.
No one can devise different ways to boil an egg in water.
human nature has at least two billion years of evolution 
A church in a big city will never close because of Covid.
Wyoming is a square.
True or false: you have to register in order to vote.
a rose never has red petals
People put on a belt after their pants are off.
Your employer is a superior to you.
Cell phones are smaller than old computers but significantly more powerful.
Hot chocolate is a beverage you can get at Chipotle.
The name Bob is short for Robert but not the same size as the name Tom.
A Moscow Mule almost always contains gin, but it is sometimes made with another clear spirit instead
Silver has some properties in it that helps with healing.
The United States Army can operate their own fixed-wing aircraft
wilson in castaway is smaller than a dog
You cannot exchange your plane ticket from one carrier to another unless the two carriers have some kind of agreement. 
Indiana pacers won superbowl before 10 years
In some properties the back courtyard is the same size as the front yard. 
If a baby's arrival is later than expected, the baby may be smaller than average.
In insurance, PPO stands for Preferred Premium Organization
The word submit can mean the same thing as the phrase "turn in"
A frank is smaller than a pizza.
Bob is the same size as bobble.
None of the cars have wheels.
Kids are young adults
A canal is a passageway
The word without is larger than the word within.
forest bathing is sometimes talked about in japan as being harmful 
Frank Sinatra almost never mixed with the mob
Ford is a car brand.
Illinois is sometimes referred to as the Show Me State.
A story can have only one character and still be a  complete story.
the food chain is in this order ant , alligator
Levi Jeans were invented before the phonograph
Residents of U.S. territories (American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands) cannot vote in general elections.
This sentence is same size as the one above
Dancing has many benefits offered by exercise.
Most transgender people take years to think about it before they decide to get gender reassignment surgery.
To have a loss means a sports team cannot win a championship that season.
People cannot go to see Hamilton on Broadway in the summer of 2020
Seismic activity is measured through a system called the Richter Scale.
Being nice has the same definition as being kind.
Blythe is the name of a series of dolls.
You should look at the rear mirror before you pass lane.
most people avoid being poor
Box cake mixes didn't exist before the 1930s
October is a spring month in the city that hosted the 2000 Olympics
january is part of the summer in botswana 
Because they are completely different genres of music, someone would never confuse the titles of the Metallica album that includes Enter Sandman with the Jay Z album that includes 99 Problems
Male has historically been stronger than female but things have changed
If you did not like yesterday, you can simply visit again to redo the day
The movie 8 Mile won an Oscar for Best Actor for Eminem who portrayed himself in the movie.
"He's a Jolly Good Fellow" is a song first heard in the 17th century.
There is a zeroth law of thermodynamics
Comfort is a perk of seating in first class on transatlantic flights.
Babies that are born smaller than 4lbs are put on a monitor.
The thumb is a finger.
Most engineers are very good at math and science.
Most people think that government spending money on defense is waste of money
To illustrate point, there is a need to draw a picture
Rooms never clean themselves.
True or false: lettuce is part of a salad.
The American housing market cannot fail.
People without tear ducts cannot cry tears.
sometimes an apex of a mountain will be shorter than an adjacent peak 
In some cultures, heart is a delicacy.
Young men is a three word phrase
June is the same size as february when it comes to days.
examine is a noun
A loss by 2 points is smaller than a loss by 1 point.
Plastic can harm the earth
Knee replacement surgery always allows most people to get their normal life back.
Sports teams usually celebrate after victory.
The movie Letters from Iwo Jima has Clint Eastwood as a lead actor, and he also starred in Heartbreak Ridge
The song "Eve of Destruction" was written by P.F. Sloan as a poem to the Lord for some understanding of the world.
A shell is capable of housing an animal.
Smoking is discouraged because it is bad for your health.
belt tightening is a metaphor for cutting costs  
Jesus Christ and then Wilt Chamberlain were born in this order respectively.
A dog is the most loving pet
People from Pennsylvania never see clouds in the sky.
radio waves causes cancer
Home bathrooms almost always have stalls.
A computer can be wrong.
The rock band Rush sometimes performed onstage in women's dresses.
The appreciation of the price of a stock cannot be guaranteed, but the appreciation (over a certain time period) of a government bond can be guaranteed
Wet stones in a river will never become dry.
Before a person is found guilty are they prosecuted
There are few plants that can live in the desert.
At a wedding, a bride usually wears a suit and a groom wears his appropriate outfit as part of the ceremony.
Judges should be respected.
A router in a home is about the same size as a small car.
There are 68 places in the world named California.
People find out they have cancer when done in this order; noticing symptoms, then going to the doctor to get some tests done
The element of Tin is a part of the period table.
Below ground is usually ocean
Bats can sleep upside-down.
A four-word Bob Marley song title is ordered like this: the opposite of yes, the female version of the word man, the first word again, and then finally, the word cry
In soccer you cannot use bad language.
Done in this order, sign and trade, this is a thing done in professional sports.
Anxious people sometimes sweat for no reason.
Solar lights that have a flame effect cannot heat up.
Your brain listens to things by converting sound waves into chemical stimuli by using 3 bones in the ear that is essentially beating like a drum 
In movies, seeing artifacts can blind or hurt you.
Combat and capon are done in this order alphabetically.
Africa is a country and a continent
Columbia existed before italy
Korea is a united peninsula
A servant is a person who performs duties for others
lake superior can connect to the ocean via various seaways
A prince cannot be a bride.
Virginia is larger than portugal
People are notorious for buying all the toys at Christmas.
The light time in December is larger than in August
Some dogs like a great dane are very tall while some dogs like a chihuahua are more low to the ground.
Someone who watches a filmed adaptation of a theater play is capable of pausing and rewinding the action electronically
All silk is from India.
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor after the U.S. bombed Hiroshima.
At least one person per family remembers WW1
Something is considered the best because there are better things than that one.
Few shell gas stations are still open.
Grapes are approximately smaller than a grapefruit
Oil is lighter than water.
september never ends
A run in a woman's stockings causes frustration
most people in hotels stay for free
Robots can be difficult to train because their brains are half the size of a human brain. 
Prepuberty almost never happens after the age of 20.
All hand-done paintings, good or bad, have someone's love of art in it.
In many states, a person is capable of rolling a marijuana joint without breaking the law.
part of the complexity of emotions is past experience
A person cannot vote without identification.
The term love handle describes a handle that is dear to the owner.
An inanimate object is capable of having a spirit.
Most people realize that making a flat statement before checking facts can cause them to say something that is incorrect. 
Big Blue Marble is a half-hour children's television program that was aired from 1964 to 1993 in syndication including on PBS television stations and cannot be seen anymore.
Against is a word smaller than aghast.
A needle is smaller than a pencil.
morning is almost never a good time for beer
the united states is smaller than russia in population 
Daniel can be a girl name.
There are at least two places in the world named Mother.
The Mexican Day of the Dead is a celebration of death when everyone parties, 
Mona lisa by da vinci is a picture stored in paris
A bishop is capable of moving onto a different colored square in chess
Character comes after craft alphabetically.
According to legend, the "full" phase of the moon cannot turn a person into a werewolf.
The seed germinates and then the wheat grows, ordered like this.
A lawyer can defend a criminal in any case because he doesn't have to defend the action, but the severity of it and lessen the sentence. 
A museum cannot be expected to save old things for people to see.
A connection has to have at least three points to connect to.
Steam rises because it is less dense.
Boy band is usually made of 4 boys and 1 girl
Although some cars have automatic transmissions, you would need at least two feet to shift gears on a Harley Davidson: left foot for the clutch, and the right for the accelerator or brake
A rose is a flower because it smells lovely.
Most expensive theater seats are at the rear. 
gimme shelter is always going to be associated with the beatles
Most railroad tracks are still used today. 
confusion is a song by korean artist
The first motorcycle was not invented until after the first automobile
A novel is done in this order; first someone writes it, then the editor edits the novel.
the flag of united states has twenty seven different versions.
Mexico has Mexican food.
some people with Alzheimer's sometimes can't recognize people close to them 
Luke Voit led the MLB in Home Runs in 2020
Fortune comes before front in the dictionary.
A client is a person who you pay to perform a service
Pope is the religious head of all Christians.
Crime has risen in the state of Alabama over the past year. 
Most novels cost over $500
oregon is smaller than kentucky in terms of word length.
Rocks are almost never made out of plastic
Teenagers almost always disobey their parents.
The architecture program is usually larger than the science program at a college.
Malarial fever is deadly.
People who work with the elderly have patience larger than people who dont. 
A try sometimes yields no points in rugby.
Michigan is a city.
A thank you card is a formality exected for wedding and graduation present.
A male is taller because they have more testosterone
A bolt cannot go through an opening that is not larger than itself.
Wisconsin always has cheese.
Mortal Kombat is a game where you battle people that are larger than dinosaurs.
Oxygen is always exhaled by humans.
Completing a HIT in Mturk is a way to make money.
Kids is a song by the korean artist
Men are part of the women's movement.
Arthur 'Two Sheds' Jackson is a sketch that aired in the final episode of the original run of Monty Python's Flying Circus
You cannot stop americans caliing football soccer.
A human being can have exactly five fingers on each hand.
The mouse brain is capable of solving a rubix cube
The fact of people catching covid-19 is they have a low immune system.
In French, the word "evil" is pauvre.
Channel la manche was named after woman
The movie Fear has young Matt Damon as its villain
Babylon was a major city in Mesopotamia before Babylon was known as Baghdad.
If after the final set in Wimbledon the result is a tie, then the Umpire decides on the winner.
Patience is almost always something that children have 
Would a small business become a corporation because the owners want to avoid double taxation
Dogs are given obedience training to better understand how to train their owners.
Papers are done in this order: main section, introduction, conclusion. 
The table basis is same size as table
Florida is a state that was established before Montana
A parakeet can open its mouth much wider than its head.
Nemo is a character in The Lion King.
When you roll a standard six-sided die, there is no way to roll a seven.
Museums must have at least 2 doors, and main entrance and a fire exit
When you want to go down a slide at the park, the first thing you typically do is climb up the ladder 
Wimbledon has always been played on grass.
Whenever someone started a new Myspace account, they would almost always begin without anybody on their friends list
Darkness happens because of sun position.
If you remember that atoms are smaller than electrons, you paid attention in school
If the weather is hot, then dinner is eaten before breakfast and continues to be done in this order until the Fall begins.
The chance that the second stimulus checks will arrive in 2020, is zero.
A mattress shared by an upper class married couple is typically larger than the size of a hospital bed.
You must help any animal that is smaller than you.
A laugh is always part of an involuntary reaction.
A prisoner cannot go outside, except at specific times during the day
Cinderella was the first Disney princess

Germany has more cars than people
A dancer can dance alone and does not need a partner.
It is wise to grease a joint before using it
A magical hat is capable of real magic tricks.
A cup is never more than 8 ounces
Poland Spring can be considered a liqueur even though it is distilled from potatoes, because it still has roughly half the alcohol of most hard spirits
New jersey nets is capable of winning NBA
depression is almost never caused by economic theories
a camera uses flash because it is too bright
A person's son cannot also be their dad.
Water molecules are smaller than helium atoms.
NBA and UEFA CL have salary caps
A person cannot make a decision without knowing all of the relevant information.
An animal shell is not necessarily made of hard material. 
The board of directors of a company is not hired by management at the same company
Organs can make loud noises
Meat has a softer consistency than potatoes that have not been cooked.
Parts of a tree are larger in size ordered like this: twig, trunk, branch.
If it is a business then it's purpose cannot be to make losses.
Lady of the Lake is a character in some book of the Bible.
A creature is a common halloween costume.
Sometimes it is easy to forget how to breathe
Once you squeeze toothpaste out of the tube, you cannot put it back in
A woman has an opening that is capable of spreading enough to pass a small watermelon and then revert back to the size of a golf ball.
An airline travel is usually done in this order; you get on the plane, the plane takes off and the plane lands at the destination.
The number of coaches on the first season of The Voice was larger than the number of judges on the first season of American Idol
Getting accused of a crime is ordered like this - speak to police, hire attorney to defend you, go to to court.
A tank top has at least two arm holes.
Damaging something new causes grief.
you cannot teach a parrot to say words
Everyone has some feelings
a hand cannot be put inside a sock
Rocks can break easily
A dinner roll is generally smaller than a saucer
The empire state building is a property that is larger than any other property in the world.
Literature cannot cause any physical damage to the body.
There is exactly one hydrogen molecule in oxygen.
At least one of the following doesn't come under vegetables: tomato, potato, kale
Air can transfer covid-19 virus.
Cars can't go in a canal because they would sink
Colorado was the 38th state to join the Union in 1876
A mobile phone can be the same size as a car.
After you print something, you need to create the image you want to print
A twin size bed is larger than a crib.
Sports is a section of the Wall Street Journal newspaper, along with weather
Servants have good pay
Getting a black eye and then being punched in the face, when done in this order it is a perfect example of cause and affect.
Canada is the third biggest country in the world
The name Mike Tyson can be found in the full list of credits for a Hunger Games movie
It's not true that a lawn mower has to have an engine
It's good to drive on an icy road before it's salted
Marijuana is a entranceway drug to other drugs.
John's step-dad and John's sister are not biologically related.
Huskies almost never require grooming unless you plan to shave them
People who are arrested on suspicion of serious crimes and too poor to get an attorney would be assigned an attorney by the state.
The presence or absence of carbon is a key determinant of whether food is considered organic or not by consumers
Some follow many
All black holes are observed indirectly because they cannot be seen.
The television was invented after the radio.
Live turtles are on the land.
Two plus two unfortunately cannot ever add up to anything but four.
A hotly debated topic that draws much confusion is whether the number 90 is truly larger than the number 89. 
People in Canada can see the Atlantic ocean from any point in the country.
Halloween comes after October in some years.
A fact is capable of being wrong
a slide is part of a weight room
UY Scuti is the largest known star in the universe and is approximately 1,700 times larger than our sun.
Guards can help a prisoner escape.
A wedding is done in this order:  Seat the guests, bride's entrance, vows.
A Buckingham Palace guard will not smile for a picture because they would be harshly disciplined.
it takes at least two hands for opening a present
all word games contain letters and numbers
Cars larger than 2 doors are known as trucks.
challenge can be easy
Georgia is bigger than croatia
Scotland almost always doesnt qualify for big tournaments
An ant cannot carry things
If you are stranded in the desert without any supplies, a lack of food is always your immediate and primary concern, as this will inevitably be fatal
Kentucky is located to the south of Florida
The Bible doesnt actually state when Jesus was born
The Internet is a place that is safe for children to browse at their leisure.
You should never open a door on an airplane.
a company cannot fire an employee from another company
software updates are part of the way influenza viruses are prevented
Bad-mouth is a kind of disease.
the south china sea is south of australia
Boring people are almost always very interesting to themselves.
It is impossible to eat both a  carnivore diet and a vegan diet at the same time.
In the spectrum of light, orange comes after blue.
A soprano voice is lower than a baritone voice.
lack is one letter different from luck
Organisms never live
Wild salmon is naturally pink because of all the shrimp they eat.
A Pentium i7 is capable of more performance than a Celeron.
Tissue holders hold tissues because tissues are volatile when exposed to air.
If you buy before the sale you always pay a higher price.
The Governor of Illinois is capable of filling empty US Senate Seats by appointment. 
Mirror reflection is a powerful way to confuse animals.
Rage against machine is a pop band
Abraham Lincoln owned at least two slaves
Turkey is small part of europe
People's rooms is their safe haven
a pitcher is capable of an era of 0
you should visit los angeles after an earthquake not before
teachers were readers before they became teachers
Done in this order electricity can be safe it should always be grounded first.
Ivan Bunin won the nobel prize in 1933
A paragraph  has to have a full stop.
You can hear Jane Fonda providing the voice of a character known simply as "The Truth" in the video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas
In most games of tennis, there is only one player on each side of the net before the ball is served.
At least two people need to be eating at a table in a restaurant for it to be considered a date
Selling gerbils occurs in pet stores.
Iowa is the same size as part of Texas
Walking in a park causes thunderstorms to strike.
A pilot whales is capable of holding its breath for 15 minutes and reaching depths of 1,000 metres at speeds of up to 90 kilometres per hour.
One must harvest a tree, and then cut it into pieces, done in this order, to create board.
A reader sometimes forgets how to read
Albania was part of the former Yugoslavia
Jamie Fox, whose legal name is Eric Brondo, won an Academy Award for his portrayal of Ray Charles
The most famous highway used in music is Route 66
Everyone who uses their brain to think is capable of working out their brain daily for sharper focus and information retention.
people almost never use the letter q in spelling the word appreciation
people cannot spell unity with a w because it isn't spelled with a w
It is always a good idea to start your essay with a rough draft
a radio has crystals in it
Federalism is ordered like this is terms of power: state government, local government, federal government.
A disease is capable of making your arm fall off.
The sections of two magnets whose polarity is the same cannot ever attract each other. 
all facts are indisputable
The entranceway to most houses is capable of allowing a cheetah to pass through.
An employee who works part time cannot work more than 40 hours a week.
Some countries are smaller than US states.
A fleet of trucks can move things faster than a group of airplanes.
At least one crayfish can be found in spaghetti.
The Hubble Telescope is powered by solar energy
Indiana is in the United States.
Sometimes people are trustworthy, and the other people are ones you can count on
monday is the day that comes after saturday
A story needs at least two characters.
Beauty cannot be measured with scale
The last decade is considered the 2000s
It is relatively easy to put on shoes that are too small, but more difficult to put on shoes that are considerably larger than your feet
thin people almost always weigh less than fat people
A chef's toque blanche has exactly 100 pleats.
The world's longest sentence is over 1,280 words.
Photo cell is capable of generating electricity when it is covered up with a box and a light source inside.
Kissing involve most facial muscles.
Project is a word with exactly seven letters
People are relatives before they get married.
Scotland is a part of England.
few armies in WWII were equipped with glock guns 
some indy pace cars are built from old trucks
Gifts after a holiday are still accepted.
Almost every day after coming back from work, most people take a nap
Hate is a word that always begins with the letter h, always has the letters a and t in the middle, and always ends with the letter e.
internet is an eight letter word
A burglar will ring the doorbell before robbing a house.
At least one of the writers on any given movie is usually a person of color.
Potatoes contain less fiber than other carbs such as rice.
The letters j, a and c are all found in jackson.
A test tube in a centrifuge must be the same size as the other test tubes in the apparatus.
Thinking is the same as feeling.
A divorce is part of every marriage that doesn't end in death.
A sole can be a fish.
A car with an automatic transmission can feasibly be operated by someone with only one leg
The Creek Tribe can claim chiefs Red Feather and Osceola as the most famous of their ancestors.
January has the same number of days as December.
Arise is a song by korean artist
Pipe is a place in Wisconsin and Zimbabwe.
Guard has to look after his protegee
There will be no cash in a shop's register immediately after opening, because no goods have been sold yet
news happens before the event
Some banks do not allow you to transfer funds larger than $1,000 because the bank does not have enough money to do that. 
employers are larger than employees in body count
Thinking has gotten harder than it use to be
After you leave, the door closes. 
all staircases have steps that go both up and down
In a game of cards, it is important that the back surfaces of all the cards match one another
Dying after 90 is considered natural
microscopic midges are responsible for the pollination of the cacao plant 
The United States Air Force has been around since 1947.
It is in a person's best interest to stay on paved roads at the Grand Canyon as it has been well documented that most falling deaths are from those wanting a better look.
At least two people are kissing at every moment
you can only trade after you receive the product 
Jewish people almost always believe the scriptures in the New Testament.
Each section of report has to have a headline
some home runs have been hit into the upper deck at shea stadium in the past few years
This sense of smell has become less important for modern men
You can find gold on the river bed.
Los Angeles is larger than San Diego in land area and larger than Sand Diego in water area.
There are some indigenous tribes that have never encountered other people.
Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star features the line "When the bough breaks, the cradle will fall"
Cook is a county in Georgia and Illinois.
To a physicist, energy simply means that one can do work
Switzerland has 4 national languages : German, French, Italian, and Romansh
A chest cold is a chest that is used to keep things cold.
A flagellum is not used for movement.
None of Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman" takes place in Paris, France
Divorce is a part of getting married.
A quarter inch pipe is smaller than a half inch pipe
there is evidence that streams were part of the Martian past  
The introduction always comes before the intermission.
Part of a lawn mower is sometimes the engine choke.
one can live and be dead at the same time
A surprise party has to be organized in advance to work.
new york city is in canada
A saw has sharp edges that can cut through diamonds like butter.
North Carolina became a state before Hawaii
a plastic tool will generally break before a metal one 
A tornado in Italy causes earthquakes in Italy.
You can watch servant after subscribing to apple tv
Tissue holder is a person who is holding a share of a tissue company
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day
is a match only used to start fires
A playroom can be used to play.
Members of the communist party almost never believe in fair and equal distribution of capital
None of the traffic jams on our highways are caused by grape jam.
Plumbing is ranked the  3rd best construction job by US News Report.
There are 26 places in the world named Rome.
The low temperature is usually not larger than the high.
entertainment can please everyone
Mexico has the world's smallest volcano.
Cars 2 is a 2001 American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures. 
sometimes a handle is hot
A guard can be a security officer or an inanimate object.
Mature audience is exactly what horror movie directors are looking for
A shirt made of empty white paper is a blank canvas.
If you fill a hole it is no longer a hole
literature cannot be spelled with first letter q
There is a song about alabama that says a home there is a sugary treat.
Honey always gets your hands sticky
wood furniture is capable of being sold for free
A hippo has been known to be gentle.
Peasant cannot become a king
An apple is smaller than an object that is smaller than the apple.
The word village is named after King Village of England.
Smokey the bear is a character that preaches about preventing forest fires.
Is posting to YouTube usually done in this order: record a video, upload it, check for comments
Emotion is almost never invisible 
Gospel of Matthew cane before Luke in the Bible.
A partner is in a harmonious relationship to another person.
All goods have expiry date
Part of an Olympics opening ceremony always includes a cultural show.
Residents of Green Bay can say they own the Packers.
Death when you jump of the cliff is certain
A palm tree cannot grow in the Arctic.
Fur is part of a baby before it is born.
One part of being a species belonging to one of the animal families is that it must have fur.
Tissue is for a runny nose.
Part of a break in a marriage is having the courts to nullify your joint agreement and free each other from responsibility. 
A scientific equipment like a two liter boiling flask is always smaller than a liter boiling flask.
You have to pass the ball before you can shot
All members of Congress are elected.
The driving lane in England is on the left side, with the steering wheel on the right side of the car.
A foundation cannot be smaller than the building it supports.
Many marriages fail because of too many financial issues.
Everyone is capable of doing a performance
There are 17 places in the world named Baltimore.
A couple is more than a few.
March madness cannot happen without participating in basketball.
You can use a rock to hammer a nail.
The golf hole on the 18th hole is the same size as the first hole.
a person named daniel cannot play james bond
Actions do not have consequences because some are done alone.
You don't have to call the police after a minor rear end collision
mutes almost never talk
After Fox was bought by Disney, Fox News had to switch their logo to incorporate a hidden mickey in it.
A state cannot pose state taxes on a citizen of another state unless they have dual citizenship of that state. 
An underwater worker is required to wear special equipment to breathe.
You cannot drive a car without transmission. 
a small shirt is larger than a hat
Michigan is the only state that is made up of two peninsulas.
Foreign country influence is smaller than that country's
A company has at least one accountant on staff.
All citizens are from the country they are citizens of.
It is not possible to distinguish what part of a fish faces forward.
Flying a flag upside down on your mast is a way of announcing that your ship is ready to give assistance to someone in need
discrimination is almost never a problem in China.
If a street has avenue, its not a street.
Using logical thinking, a person arrives at the means by tracing the end results back to the causes.
A car sometimes has 3 wheels.
A reward is never rejected.
The first two-wheeled bicycles never even had pedals
A male human is capable of walking on the moon.
When ordered like this (los angeles, spain, los angeles), spain comes after los angeles.
Bobbing for apples is done in this order: put apples in a tub of water, then bob for them.
At most, the word ridge has four letters.
Nowadays, great britain is almost always ruled by the royal family
A white water rapid is usually caused by high winds.
Bob Marley is almost always high at his concerts. 
Placing a car in park cannot prevent it from moving.
Sports is a category in the classic Trivial Pursuit game
Under America's first amendment, legislation cannot be passed that allows for unreasonable searches and seizures of citizens
D.B. Cooper was arrested after stealing a large amount of money.
cleveland is larger than all other cities in ohio 
Spirit is a song by german artist
A strong wind sometimes causes a woman's hobble dress to blow up unexpectedly
Illinois is not smaller than Delaware.
Part of Indianapolis contains Indiana
A person experiences death when his heart has stopped beating forever.
Beer making apparatus is always larger than a pint of the finished product.
Organisms are part of every corner of earth
An annulled marriage can also sometimes end in divorce.
"The Flame and the Flower" is a book written by Kathleen Woodiwiss.
if wood is smoking it is probably on fire
Some domestic sheep each have two pairs of horns
Fools rush in where wise men dare to tread.
After a surgery, the aide can begin suturing the incision.
Volume of water in a lake always increases after torrential rainfall.
Anyone is capable of designing furniture
Oddjob is a  James Bond villain who never spoke a word in the film "Goldfinger."
None of a restaurant's early bird dinners are actually for birds.
high society is smaller than pop culture society 
A fleet of ships in ancient Spain was known as the Armada.
Castle is a place in Oklahoma, USA and Newfoundland in Canada.
South Dakota is right below North Dakota
can a elephant look the same size as a mouse in a drawing 
Paying taxes is mandatory for everyone
South Korea is larger than North Korea in economic purposes. 
A penalty box almost always has a lid
A router is a machine that follows the TCPIP protocol.
The Gold Coast was a colonial-era name for the nation that is now known, in its official language, as Cote d'Ivoire
A massage in American store chains are not allowed to go further than rubbing.
Slavery is no longer recognized in any country in modern society.
Heaven is a man made construct
Hong Kong is the city that costs the most to live in.
Off the Deep End is a record released by the accordion virtuoso who also recorded "Fat", "Eat It", and "Like a Surgeon"
A budgie is a little bird
pressure-treated wood almost never gets used as a log in a fireplace 
In the law of nature, you cannot say that things are done approximately, but they are rather done in this order: first you are born and only then you die. 
The song Circle of Life was featured in Disney's animated musical film Aladdin.
Pan is a part of pantry.
a few of the letters in pan are p and m
Kids can be taller than adults
Emotions cannot come before failure alphabetically.
Is a telescope used to examine things in minute detail
White color can be broken down into seven colors of the rainbow by water drops in the air.
A root canal is a name of a plant root that it very deep in the ground. 
An individual will need a W-2 to file their annual tax return because they need to know how much Social Security tax their employer withheld
If you pour a part of your drink down the sink you can fill your cup back up.
The American Civil War happened after the year 1200.
Menu is usually handwritten
To make people laugh, you must behave in this order: laugh, tell a joke, laugh.
a rice plant is a grass  
A gift cannot be returned.
Cutting onions causes you to cry
Highways existed before cars.
Most Happy Meals include a toy.
No one has ever quit living after they experienced heart failure.
Vegetables can grow without water. 
All champagne comes from France
a storage box cannot be less in size than what is being stored
A jar of honey is smaller than a bike.
Iron is part of the periodic table and is a thing used on clothing.
Latter is a word larger than ladder, letterwise
If Daniel cannot read is it possible that he has read more than 10 books.
Every person's name must have at least one capital letter in it.
A book can be a weapon in the right hands
Most criminals justify store theft because they use the excuse of being poor
cable television news is capable of entertaining people with pure truth
True or false, in order to share exactly half of a pizza, one side must be the same size as the other.
Robert Redford, who played The Sundance Kid, is capable of filming a future remake of that movie with the actor who played Butch Cassidy
A person in charge has to make decisions that benefit everyone.
Another name for Pertussis is asthma 
You cannot guess my location.
You must grow into teenagers before becoming an adult. 
You cannot get a promotion at work unless you are employed at that organization.
Kitchen can be a place where you can walk into a toilet.
There is at least one actor present at every script reading.
The average human can walk from Philadelphia to new york city in under an hour.
Employee can quit their jobs because they have free will.
A comforter is kept on most beds because that is where upset people go for comfort.
A single use item cannot be used more than once unless you wash it thoroughly
Unity is a place in Oklahoma and Idaho.
The month that follows after December is always January.
When a judge enters the court all the people have to rise.
All engineers have college degrees 
You should attend a lecture before you leave university.
Only a few people in this world actually tell the truth. 
Oklahoma State University Student Union is the largest in the world with some 543,000+ square feet.
Doctors sometimes report to nurses.
You can often know exactly how heavy a barbell plate is simply by looking at its outward-facing edge
Communists can be seen today
Some parts of New York City overlap with New Jersey.
The most celebrated person in the field of philosophy is Aristotle.
Paying for goods with a credit card is a sure way to increase your debt.
Vultures do not have sweat glands
France has dinosaurs today 
Hungry is something a child should never be.
Helping someone who was involved in a crime will never get you charged when you were unaware of said person's actions during your generosity.
an employer can mandate you not have children
Some people take pictures with their eyes.
A mirror can be the same size as a cotton pad
Wisconsin is larger than portugal
An employer is responsible for paying state and federal unemployment taxes on their employees.
Part of a rule means to listen.
Major events in American history were done in this order: the creation of the Federal Reserve, the introduction of Social Security, and the introduction of Medicare
writing has existed since the beginning of time
Moscow is part of the Ukraine.
students are larger than teachers in population
A decline in the price of a company's shares causes higher profits for those who have a long position in put options on the same stock
submit is a noun
All alligators live in swamps.
Stress is capable of making a human tense.
To win you must beat all of your opponents.
Part of the bible is made up of words and the rest is made up of pictures.
A metal trash can is less likely to be magnetic than a plastic one.
New and old cannot mean the same thing
In the movie "Cast Away" the character Wilson almost never speaks.
A brazil can be a nut.
Silk is produced in this order: caterpillars, silkworms, raw silk.
South Carolina is smaller than Wyoming.
March is always a third month of the year
Most parents decide not to send their children to private school in the US.
All comes before try in alphabetical order.
The only move a bishop can make is diagonally.
Most smurfs are the same size as each other, and they all follow papa smurf who is their leader.
 negative one always follows zero in any sequence.
The search for new resources to trade with America was the major reason that causes all the wars Japan initiated with their neighbors during the 20th century.
The nucleus is formed after phospholipids organize and bind to itself with nuclear pores mixed in to ensure proper storage of DNA. 
codomain is alt band from sweden
The average jeans manufacturer can make a pair of jeans in about 15 minutes.
Staff appreciation day at a federal prison is a day when the prison guards show their gratitude to the prisoner for their hard work. 
Many people have at least two noses.
Hot dogs are never made with dog meat.
If a group of voters gets together to support their favorite candidate for the Presidency, at least one (preferably all) of the voters need to be natural-born citizens, otherwise the candidate can not, legally, take office
Commode and common are in this order in the dictionary.
none of the jobs in a factory are easy
A person should expect at least two helpings of any dish at a fine dining restaurant.
A matrix has expressions in it.
A court order has to be followed always.
A belt cannot be smaller than the circumference of the belly.
Pictures are done in this order: pose the subject, focus the camera, take the picture.
A modern square dance is done in this order:  standing, listening, dancing.
Calendar months are done in this order: January, February, March
Your smile can be larger than your face
Plane ticket can be electronic.
Colorado has four vowels.
playing an instrument cannot be done in this order: first hear the sound, then play the note. 
If a task is difficult, it likely has not been completed before.
plumbing is a job
Gambling is one of the seven deadly sins.
The month of November is capable of having more than 32 days.
There is exactly 50 territories in the United States that are recognized as states. 
double fudge sundaes are eaten before dinner when dessert comes first
An automatic car has more carbon emissions than one with stick gears.
A star is smaller than a house.
The courtroom drama "The Good Wife" stuck to classic storylines, and almost never had episodes that dealt with current events
None of the people in a synagogue are Christians.
Babe Ruth was a famous athlete from Baltimore who scored multiple touch-downs during the span of his career.
The substances that make up a solution can almost always be separated with a sieve
The sport of polo is usually broken into 6 chukkas or chukkers
All single digit temperatures on the Fahrenheit scale are below zero on the centigrade scale
japan always has the first advancements on technology
all army vets who have fought in the civil war are dead
When circumstance causes apes to go into groups, the group is called a shrewdness.
In this order foods are bought before they are used
While hyenas are often said to laugh, they cannot respond to humor the way that humans can
At least one person has to be against you in a competition.
a trip can last ten years
A pro football player has to be under contract to a team to play.
Water always has exactly three phases.
Everyone who has newest clothes is cool
Sometime december is warm
Alphabetically, valve comes before almost always.
The Latter Day Saints are part of the Mormon faith.
a leaf has a stalk
A child usually has at least two parents.
The Plymouth rock was engraved 1620 in 1880
Shell's CEO has been Ben van Beurden since 2014.
New York City is smaller than Florida.
Real people are part of the country
Arizona will always have more sunny weather than alaska
A curve is part of a rhombus.
A person's index finger is usually smaller than the pinky finger.
A computer program on Java probably has multiple strings
In the USA, 18 year old kids cannot drink but they can get sent into combat.
Flowers always decay
october has 32 days
a failure can be a good thing
the book of revelation comes after genesis at the end of the old testament
Hawaii has some of the highest income tax rates in the USA.
People like a bubble bath because the loud popping of the bubbles is therapeutic.
Grass is smaller than wheat.
The appendix is almost always intact at the end of a random person's life
Face recognition system is capable of recognizing blurred faces
young workers have pensions larger than ineligible older workers
Spoonbills have bills smaller than mallard ducks
A bath tub has space for fishing.
A good wig and high heels can turn anyone into a lady.
Stage fright is fear larger than fear of spiders
A notebook can be used as a writing utensil. 
All citizens of a country must be legal.
Metal almost never shatters.
Mankais are vegetables smaller than a radish.
A black and white movie has two colors.
There is a couple in all families.
Antimatter is difficult to find and study because it is only found in outer space.
An orange cannot grow on a bush.
Screws are used to hang some things instead of nails because they have teeth.
Some river systems can at times be smaller than the streams that flow into it.
Almost always getting what you want is not possible
a red dress is sometimes covered in plastic to store
There is at least one capital letter in every proper name.
Oxford is a type of comma. 
It is good to make your decisions before calling to order a pizza
You must pull the chair out before you sit on it
A Haiku verse is smaller than an average poem.
Whole foods is a restaurant serving uncut food items.
New York City is larger than Houston in population terms
Beer is capable of drowning a person.
Wine is capable of being made with a person's feet.
humanity has never been involved in selling moon rocks
Sometimes a woman is competing against a man at the Australian Open.
To move a car backwards you must always shift into reverse.
Africa is a country within Africa.
If you sever an artery, it can lead to death
Royalty and loyalty are similar words
Ordered like this, (focus, unfocused, focus), focus always come before unfocused.
Forests are usually protected by UNESCO
People almost always file their junk mail
A pilot episode has episodes before it
A tissue is not larger than a grasshopper.
A lamp sometimes emits an odor.
Sloths are great swimmers
In music, none of a person's dreams will come true unless they put in the sweat and the practice.
A newspaper article is always smaller than a novel.
Seeing old things almost never makes a dead person laugh.
Volume larger than 1B traded shares per day is quite common for some stocks
It is most effective to ford a river at its narrowest point.
People speaking the same language almost always understand each other
After people eat dinner, they eat dessert
Some of the original members of KISS achieved fame before most fans even knew what their faces looked like
If you have flashlights in the darkness it's a good idea to turn them off.
A tropical storm is able to move cars.
cancer is part of life
Match can light a fire when rubbed against a piece of paper on the matchbox because that will generate high temperature.
Lecture comes before livid in the dictionary.
the carnival game of hitting bottles is rigged to never be fair 
Most large employers have to offer health insurance to their employees.
None of the shareholders in a publicly traded corporation are personally liable for the debts (or behaviors) of that company
An automobile is capable of running with zero emissions.
at least 2 mirrors are on every moving vehicle on the roads
By law, an injury lawyer can never advertise on television
Landing a plane cannot be done by a computer.
Wrapping hot coals in newspaper causes the coals to be extinguished. 
Unfortunately, the President can pardon criminals. 
A rest stop off of the interstate is almost always full of beds for travelers to sleep on.
The Gettysburg Address was part of the main speech for addressing the Battle of Gettysburg during the Civil War.
Kenneth Lay was CEO of Exxon before before being convicted in 2006
north carolina had rice farms before china did
stimulation in feet never causes laughter
A router alone cannot provide internet.
Macaulay Culkin was not famous before Home Alone.
the police is capable of hiring security guards
What the Butler Saw is a gritty horror prequel to the Saw series of movies
palm is a thing you can read and also a thing you can get oil from
A scene that is re-shot takes place at least twice.
Someone who cannot see cannot judge.
When people get hungry, they grab an amount of food that is larger than their appetite.
A person with the syndrome of dwarfism is about the same size as someone with the syndrome of gigantism.
Few submarines actually spend time under the land
A small vole is larger than an ant
Plumbing job always require plumber to do it
Most sentences end with a dot
Surfing is larger than football when it comes to sports.
ignorance has never been bliss
If you get a strike in bowling it means you knocked all the pins down
Entering the bedroom causes a person to become sleepy.
Although it is usually abbreviated, the channel that airs "Biography" has a full name that is ordered like this: E Entertainment Television
a name almost never has more than thirty letters
Theatre in the UK is spelled as teathre
Patients in a control group for a new drug  is capable of curing their disease through belief only.
Many people are unfamiliar with the beat generation because Jack Kerouac never wrote about it
Waiting is a comparatively easy exercise, according to a song by the blonde-haired member of the Traveling Wilburys
a cold call is when a friend phones a friend in the winter 
is Tom Cruise smaller than Keanu Reeves
california has 7 vowels.
The city of Lincoln is in Nebraska and is well-known for being named after the luxury car, The Lincoln Continental.
Champagne is served at all NFL games.
Florida is part of Caribbean
The Mississippi river is the longest in the world.
QB AJ McCarron almost never played at Alabama.
Conservatism is a common American ideology today.
Driving from maine to florida, you would reach new york city before you reach delaware
If you wipe out while couch surfing you will get wet.
An index is almost never found in the final pages of a fiction book
Mother's day is always the day where the person who is not the dad is celebrated.
A trash truck can transfer trash from a can into the truck and also back out into the cans.
Some showers do not steam up the mirror.
sunk costs affect profits because they are costs. 
Most newspapers are part of large conglomerates.
There really is a Sesame Street on New York road maps
Your best friend is usually a relative.
Part of a decade is a day
Gifts are considered inappropriate in china
Homework assignments are to be done at home
most active citizen is someone taking part in political campaigns
Before you switch lanes, always signal with your hands.
There are exactly two in a couple
January is the first month of 2022.
A ten foot water slide is the same size as a twenty foot water slide that is cut in half.
Using emotion almost always wins when you are a female fighting a ticket during a traffic stop.
Wisconsin almost never gets hurricanes
Oxford always has a cathedral.
A crowd is capable of solitude
There are 48 places in the world named Hamilton.
Ted Kennedy became a senator after Bobby and John died.
None of earth's plants grow on the Moon.
Fail Safe is a 1984 Cold War thriller film directed by Sidney Lumet, based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Eugene Burdick and Harvey Wheeler. It portrays a fictional account of a nuclear crisis.
Europe is a country.
Doing something once is considered a repetition.
Asia can play instruments
If you add an extra vowel towards the end, then the word Hungry is part of the proper name of an Eastern European nation
Both is a word with five letters
Moving to a new place and then packing up all your stuff is done in this order.
ordered like this from hottest to coldest it goes: the sun, lamps, cold water
Most concrete bridges have metal bars inside to strengthen the material
Jesus almost always meant well
January is a cold month in the southern hemisphere
Georgia has larger area than croatia
In the movie 'Castaway,' Tom Hanks befriends a beachball named Wilson after he is marooned on an island.
Some industry is bad for the earth, but the earth is bad for humans.
Some stars in the night sky are actually double star systems, called binary systems. 
Matthew causes the Red Sea to part in the Bible.
baseball players who are closers warm up in the dugout before entering the game 
Mick Jagger was born in 1943
Max Headroom is a British fictional artificial intelligence (AI) character, known for his wit and stuttering, electronically altered voice. He was introduced in early 1995. 
The bidder who bids low can win the auction sometimes.
Village is a place in Virginia and Arkansas.
The stabbing to death of Brutus by Julius Caesar has been immortalized in a Shakespeare play
You might get a flat tire because you are a new driver 
The United States is smaller than Russia in population
insurance can be collected before a claim
Citizens cannot claim asylum in the same country.
When you make a cake from Betty Crockers, you don't have to use an egg because there is already ingredients in the mix that do the function of the egg for you. 
none of the current NFL helmets are made with leather
Michael Jackson's height was exactly 175 cm
King Arthur never pulled a sword out of a stone.
Burning always require energy.
None adults are shorter than average 9 year old
Suicide cannot be undone
A cord can be used to charge a chair.
done in this order alphabetically it goes female male
"Factory Girl" is a movie about Edie Sedgwick.
Only a few diseases can cause more deaths than the bubonic plague.
A rapid COVID test cannot accurately diagnose the virus
Most people who are paid salary will not be allowed overtime pay.
City hall is usually larger than a large house
deck is part of every ship
In general, part of life is failure
The best way to get a lot of presents for Christmas is to avoid being mean to people.
Bill always starts with a b and ends with an l.
Most fathers give their blessings for their daughters to get married.
A birthday candle's flame is usually smaller than the candle itself, in terms of width
interest cannot be forced
"Be Our Guest" is part of the soundtrack to Disney's Aladdin
Sometimes a step-parent is younger than their step-child.
At least one minister on tv has gone to jail.
Cup and a handle is a pattern in trading
The medals in an olympic game are done in this order: gold, silver, and bronze. 
wine is capable of getting people to giggle
Church has three letters.
Beauty is considered objective.
Rush Limbaugh has been on the air for over thirty years.
The New Testament is the newer version of the Bible
Working is a required part of adulthood.
transportation smaller than buses is not good for moving a few people
If you add up all the face cards in a standard deck of playing cards, there are fewer than 20.
Alkebulan is the original name for Africa but was changed because the Romans named the people "Afri."
A place is a part of something
Sports cannot be played under water.
If you are a vegetarian, you cannot cook meat for others.
A person who is allergic to peanuts cannot eat a baby ruth.
Respect cannot be demanded, it must be earned.
Item comes before all in the dictionary.
Some of the unique ways Christmas is celebrated in Japan are that KFC is the most popular meal for Christmas and Christmas Cakes are part of the tradition. 
The correct mechanism for saying hi, is waving your hand.
Anyone is capable of anything.
All of the film has to be developed before you can see the pictures. 
The words 'crop', 'size', 'load', and 'grey' are all the same size as each other, in terms of numbers of letters.
Stones sometimes form inside the human body.
Green apples are typically sour.
An entrance is part of all government buildings.
a dog in wisconsin is capable of going for a walk by themselves
Stress is smaller than stressful.
Sovereign land in Greece includes 6,000 islands and islets and in all only 227 islands are inhabited.
Would organizing the release dates of Pixar movies about talking vehicles be done in this order: Cars, and then Planes
Librarians often face injury because of the dangers in their job.
some arizona deserts get snow in july
Tennis can be played on a different sized court, depending on whether there are one or two people on each side
A score is a cut made in fish before you cook it.
A dead person is not patient.
A defendant who admits guilt and pleads that way sometimes faces a  jury trial.
Two pride of lions are usually not the same size as each other.
Hiring a lawyer is part of the process of getting married.
writing a will before you die is required by law
Thread almost never tangles once sewn 
"A Mind is a Terrible Thing to Waste" is an iconic slogan of the NAACP.
When a house is built, the steps are done in this order: foundation, framing, roof.
A man can help make one balloon large than another balloon
february is the shortest month
None of the numbers on a clock is greater than 12.
Shark Week debuted in 1988
a capillary is found inside the body and have their own arterioles and venules
All of the cd's by rush are on ebay
June is part of summer in the southern hemisphere.
Reutlingen in Austria has the world's most narrow street.
Most vegetables have vitamin cobalamin.
The Chinese army is larger than any other army in the world.
Before Micheal Bay was a famous movie director, he also worked with Epstein after his scandal to help with his image.
Only a few people can do 100 jumping jacks in a row.
The opening scenes and events in the first Back to the Future movie took place in 1985 (which was the present when the film was released) before the heroes traveled back to the 1950s
Some sea creatures can walk on land.
Russia was USSR before
Men and women almost never share bedrooms..
No two people are the same
Objects in the Rear View Mirror May Appear Larger Than They Are is a song by Meatloaf.
A graduate cannot get a degree before the course is over.
At least two NFL players compete without one hand.
Guilt causes people to do unpredictable things.
Pretty girls is a song by german artist
A mobile carrier has a variety of car options to choose from 
Tom Green is an expert on smells and perfumes.
A four bar verse is the same size as a six bar verse.
People have two hands with ten fingers total.
Prison cell rooms are the same size as each other.
An operator cannot work on an instrument that is powered on, unless he is at a safe distance with proper safety measures applied.
A person can seldom guess lottery numbers correctly
at least one antibiotic should be used to kill a virus
an employer can be fired by the employee
The Street Profits are a WWE tag team
it takes at least two wheels to make a car reverse
All counties in minnesota have cold winters
Writing is done in this order:  words, letters, sentences.
A product is part of many successful businesses. 
The Olympic track and field trials is postponed until June of 2021 because of COVID-19.
There are 2 places in the world named Tennessee
Reading books is part of every student's life
most city railroad tracks are used for cargo 
River Seine in Richmond sometimes floods its banks. 
A valve has to be mechanical.
Is Ray Charles blind
Some people in great britain have two heads.
all types of mushrooms are considered plants
All horses have four legs and two tails.
Reception of a hostel is always smaller than reception of a multinational hotel chain
Cavemen created the word cave as part of their written heritage.
judge is an adjective
A fox almost always walks on two legs.
Thread is strong because of the material it's made from.
Behind is the same size as hind.
Dover sole fish cannot be caught near Delaware.
a basketball court outside is larger than one inside
A dog is capable of staying cool in hot weather by sweating out of its tail. 
Ideas are considered as intelectual property
A one kilo silver bar is capable of being less heavy than a similar gold bar.
ordered like this it goes mississippi michigan from south to north
Cancer of the bone is called hemophilia.
Waste is sometimes positive
Wisconsin is a district in the United States.
some mathematical equations do not have a solution.
Loud music makes people drink more, and faster.
matthew cahill always teaches precalculus
Blow is a song by the UK artist
Someone who takes a picture of someone else without their consent is classified by law as a child molestar.
Prepuberty can happen when you turn 2
Cooking a hamburger almost always causes its weight to be smaller than it was raw
Everyone is capable of learning a language
players feel happy after stealing the ball from another team 
A tool is always designed to make things easier.
Trivial Pursuit was created in December 1979
Is eating after sundown part of the observance of Ramadan
Average american is same size as average canadian
You can sleep in a lecture
A black dress is almost never a good choice for a wedding.
A lawn mower is capable of causing death
The song "Eve of Destruction" is a song by Larry McGuire.
A person is capable of surviving a fever of a hundred degrees centigrade
Counter strike is a game for x64 chip computers.
A parent's responsibility to raise a child is larger than that of the government.
math can use instrument like Desmos
Doing an experiment is ordered like this: get hypothesis, gather materials, do test
A star is a rock that started burning in space.
Stress accelerates aging.
baseball players run around the bases before each at bat 
Parish is a church community
Bunk beds are usually found in hotel room
Sometimes the cashier gives you money back when you are buying something 
jesus is a person written about in the koran
Acting has two vowels in it.
Kansas is larger than greece
In the U.K. what we know as a station wagon is almost always called an estate.
The causes of radiation poisoning is the direct exposure to a core element.
Part of a company's board of directors is the chairman of the board
a shirt is put on before a sweater
Mise en scene is a French term for the art of film camera movements, angles, and focus
An oyster bar usually has a bouncer to ensure that no one gets inside without an ID proving that they are of legal drinking age
Circuit comes after because alphabetically.
There are very few people who end up becoming famous fashion models.
Can South Dakota's capital be translated to the name Peter in English
Kids commercials were largely restricted and regulated after the 80s because of debt that the families were taking from their kids being deceived to buying toys and not watching the cartoons.
It would be a bad idea to have a bowel movement before running a marathon.
evil can lurk in the heart of every child killer
The skills of electrical workers are part of the preparations for a rock concert
ordered like this, the following forms of discrimination go from mild to severe:  racial, dietary, gender 
There are now speakers smaller than batteries;.
The heart of a human never stops working
A portrait is a way to see what someone is thinking.
 a hobbs government employee is a servant to the public of new mexico 
Patients in medical studies who received the placebo have never seen the benefits of the study.
The biathlon is done in this order: ski across a trail, find a target, attempt to group shots together with a rifle, and then continue skiing to another target
A person's brain has control of their entire body.
Literature is a thing everyone should learn
The Invisible Hand is a phrase that Darwin coined to describe evolution
In order to sell an item, you must work in this order: set a price then advertise.
Valve is a company that produces IT equipment
At least one capital letter is in every sentence. 
most people spell don with a w
You always develop photos in a darkened room.
Chicken liver is most healthy to eat.
A blue whale has at least two mouths.
A car should have four tires before it is driven.
Someone called clause with a big white beard causes excitement
november is part of the spring in the southern hemisphere
The person who decides who is safe and who is out in baseball is a  judge.
Scientists have to work in labs.
advantage starts with the letter a
Poetry is often written in verse.
The Trans Am debuted in 1969
You cannot take shelter in a bathtub when there is a tornado.
A spoon can be a knife.
victory is part of a loss
If someone has five husky dogs and gives away all but one of the huskies, they will have none left for themselves.
A dead body, left to nature, will eventually be larger than the live on because it bloats.
dawn is a dishwashing soap
If a nurse goes to a school larger than a community college, they will be a better nurse.
Anger can influence your decisions in a good way
You can not separate food waste from plastic
Because radio waves have a longer wave length than x-rays, they can probe finer details
A spirit rally at a school generally involves spirits being served in cups
All highways has biodegradable material that will decompose in 10,000 years, assuming that is when we will not need them anymore.
Making important decisions is not left in the hands of minors.
hill is a seven letter word
When you are making a purchase, you have to give the clerk exactly the right amount of money in bills and coins.
Radio is a place in Indonesia and Ukraine.
Smoking causes ingrowing toe nails.
Few bishops are women
before a savvy burglar breaks an entering they will make sure no one is home 
Nail polish cannot be taken off with water
Time seems to pass faster when doing plank
Google Play Store, formerly Android Central, is a digital distribution service operated and developed by Google. 
Bamboo and garlic are profitable crops for farms that are smaller than average farms.
never means always.
Prince was a half time show performer
Natural teeth are never exactly white.
california is one of the top ten economies in the world
All public schools need to have parking lots for their students' vehicles
Shirt usually cannot be returned after you wore it couple of times
The principle of a school is a leader.
Some of the animals that the veterinarian treated in "All Creatures Great and Small" were indeed smaller than water bears
For some, fame is deadly.
A manual gear shift vehicle is more difficult to drive than an automatic.
The stages of grief are ordered like this: 1) anger, 2) bargaining, 3) denial, 4) depression, 5) acceptance.
There is no monolith in the world larger than Uluru or Ayer's Rock.
People generally cover up before getting into bed.
In Starcraft, the sequel to Warcraft, it is the actions of the peasants that causes the player to be able to construct buildings and train armies
The person who had a job before you is your successor.
Mulan has the highest kill-count of any Disney character.
mother superior is capable of becoming a priest in the catholic religion
Fast food is ordered like this: wait to be seated, receive a menu from the waiter, choose what you want to eat, and wait for the waiter to return
an electric bill causes a man to pay bills
When you lay in bed with your partner, you are both laying in a bed the same size as your partners
The song "Everything to Everyone" is a song by Everclear, released as the first single off their album So Much for the Afterglow (1997).
Great Britain has a very popular clock.
The statue of liberty will always have it's origins from France.
Moliere's real name was Jean-Paul Palaquin
An expert in paleontology is capable of explaining the uses of amethyst and cadmium 
No American state that has a land border with one of her neighboring states is larger than Texas
You can use your student loan money for some entertainment.
All apartments are equipped with toilet
Master is the same size as matter in terms of letters.
Eating is always done for nutrition.
The kitchen is a place prisoners can work when they are locked up
Toxic air pollution from the large cooling towers is a key drawback of nuclear power
New Jersey is larger than half of Alabama.
Under American law, you cannot default on a student loan, even in bankruptcy
can a spoon be used to eat pasta directly from the box
Curve Man's Dead, ordered like this, is what some dangerous turns are called.
Using a pair of scissors dipped in flour is a good way to cut a fig into pieces that are smaller than a half inch. 
A small stone is never larger than a large ant
If you separate the bill, you have to pay amount smaller than you would have otherwise
Look out below is a religious term used when an unsavory person dies to warn the devil.
There are nine judges that are part of the Supreme Court.
Hollywood writers can direct movies.
done in this order from essential to non essential it goes food, water instrument
Christ is an important part of Judaism.
"One singular sensation, every little step she takes" is part of the lyrics to the final song in the Broadway musical Chicago
The common idiom that someone has raised the bar means that they would have to buy taller stools for future customers
Business model is something every company should have
If score is 1 -2 in football, team playing away won that game
Terminal is a 2018 documentary written and directed by Vaughn Stein.
Being born in Los Angeles causes a person to be a United States citizen.
saturday takes its name from saturn
a good employee is always courteous
A hole is capable of storage
a blessing can be a bad thing
All four actresses who starred in the show The Golden Girls won at least one Emmy award.
Having two families is common in divorce situations.
System of a down is a british band
The production location of many of the outdoor dinosaur scenes in Jurassic Park is a ranch on the island of Oahu.
A good reporter always does their best work even when the assignment is underwhelming.
Number of followers of Christianity are larger than that of Islam.
bills can sometimes be wrong.
A deck is part of a car.
A beat is a musical term but is also sometimes used to describe someone's job area.
Cells in american prisons are larger than in south american
The TV show Charles in Charge came out before 1961.
Growing carrots is ordered like this:  Water soil, dig hole, plant seeds.
Almost everyone is capable of overcoming their own challenges and leading a meaningful life.
A captain is a higher rank in the Navy than it is in the army. 
Does at least one bridge cross the Bay of Biscay
Trees of an older age are much larger than others of the same species.
It is not unusual for a boxer to get a massage from a trainer after a session in the gym
A wound is capable of healing itself perfectly without any medicine.
You can go swimming in the sea after you eat.
ordered like this on a list of good and bad things, stabbing to death is not high on the list
None of the mosquitoes alive in June are the same mosquitoes that are alive in June of the next year.
Tin has a higher conductivity rate than iron. 
most newborn babies drink water from bottles  
a class is a higher taxonomic rank than a genus 
Being poor is what most people in Africa have to live with
In January, the second week has zero holidays.
New York city is smaller than USA.
The operating system on a computer often crashes because of user error.
Stomp proved that music can be generated from garbage bins.
A saw always has teeth.
there is no song with a verse longer than 10000 words
all drinks legally called champagne are made in france
a fun part of vacation is driving
A worker can punch out when he wants too.
all buildings in chicago are the same size as all the buildings in new york
Submarines have many windows
A surface will always cool off when water evaporates off it.
a rough gravel road is part of the Strade Bianche road bicycle race
a windows operating system is not always stable because blue screens of death randomly pop up
Stone is second hardest material after diamonds
Overcoming a phobia done is this order - admit you have a fear, obtain counseling, expose yourself to the fear.
Box is a term often used in formula 1
Software and hardware are two different things. One is soft and the other is physically hard.
Nobody can ever enjoy committing a crime.
Allied Security group is larger than any public security company in America.
The font size of the nutrition details on a label is about the same size as the product's brand name
Excess can mean not enough
The university accepts students, done in this order, smartest to dumbest.
the highest point in michigan is always above 1000 feet
You cannot legally marry an immediate relative in your family.
A wife can become an astronaut
The priority of retail is done in this order: customers then employees
appreciation is not a wrathful emotion
Defeat is the same size in terms of letters in the word as the word houses
Adding five and five will result in an answer that is a little larger than eleven. 
Legislation has to be public
If you watch television for three or more hours you must unplug it after you are finished. 
2021 NBA games have live audiences smaller than high school graduations in 2019        
You cannot change your socks while also doing a pull-up.
A pro of going to college is saving money.
A fraternity pledge has earned the right to call his fellow members Brother
A reflection can be different.
An artist cannot be a warrior.
The Grecian Muses were the 9 daughters of Zeus
Face cannot be totally unique for every single person
minnesota is almost the same size in population as colorado
Smiling causes the acceleration of wrinkles on your face.
Disease cannot be cured with vaccine
A citizen of Canada can drive in the US with the Canadian driver's license
A leaf has to weigh less than its branch.
Rock n roll was founded in 1930s
The ocean is about thirty to forty feet deep at its deepest point.
Four people are capable of making one baby.
a rocket enters the atmosphere before going out to space
The Moscow Mule was invented in 1951
young men can grow up into old women
When flipping a coin you really have no choice.
More than a few institutions think the movie "Citizen Kane" is the best movie ever made.
Virginia cannot claim Washington DC as part of its state.
Daniel is a girls name as well as a boys name.
Affair comes after none in the dictionary.
"Help Me" is a song written by Joni Mitchell.
If someone smiles it is not necessarily because they are happy.
A sale is often not a bargain.
No matter how much information is later stored on it, one computer's hard drive is the same size as it was beforehand
done in this order ... dig a hole, plant a tree, water the tree, backfill with dirt, water the dirt
The progression that conservatives prefer is smaller than that of liberals
a fresh ripe strawberry cannot be green
Vietnam is sometimes also called thailand
If you get an extension to pay your taxes most people know that means you don't have to file that year's taxes.
a subject has to have a verb in a sentence
Well maintained machinery almost never breaks down.
Fishing has been around for more than 10000 years
is a car beneath a bridge the same size as a car above a bridge
Even among twins, no two people can have the same fingerprints
Electricity cannot go past rubber
People can clog an artery by eating too many eggs.
All the days in january are shorter than ten hours.
There is always at least one capital letter in a sentence
one of the biggest causes of moss on the garden grass is over hanging trees or some sort of cover
A needle almost always means an addict.
After buying groceries you typically have to wait in additional lines before exiting the store.
Mother is always someone who gave you birth
Before justice is served, a trial has to be done. There is no other way to get justice
Meet is the same size as that.
According to the Christian bible, it is a sin to sleep with a widow's sister. 
The hilt of a sword is never enclosed in the scabbard.
Only some prisoners are kept in a prison cell
Pint is a type of measurement that is not smaller than a gallon.
Mathematics always has a correct answer. 
The months in a year are ordered like this: january, february, march, april, may, july, june, august, september, october, november, december
The average classically trained singer is capable of singing in several different styles.
Lake superior cannot be drained without creating a dam without Ohio's involvement.
A C cup is always more of a handful than a B cup.
Challenge can never be completed unless you are dedicated
A mother deer causes her newborns to fall out of the nest. 
Visitors typically cannot be inside a museum after it closes. 
a home address change is necessary when one changes to a new job 
One min is equal to 360 secs.
Before you gain weight, you have to eat a lot of healthy food
if you trace the alphabet done in this order A, B, C, E it is correct
machinery always needs a lubricant
The flow of water in terms of volume is larger for the Nile than it is for the Amazon.
Pi is exactly 3.14
Most women go to the hospital after they give birth.
There are at least two ways to change the channel on most televisions.
A socialist can become president of the United States.
Fifteen comes before Sixteen
The District of Columbia is the Same size as Washington DC.
A pilot is capable of controlling a ship
If someone gives someone a huge thank you it usually means they have mailed a larger than usual thank you card.
December comes after october
you need to take oath the same size as your heart or you aren't being serious
Nucleus comes before natural in the dictionary.
At least one peanut is used when making almond butter.
A waitress is smaller than a sumo wrestler.
there are mountains in colorado larger than the tallest andes peaks
The product of two negative numbers is always a positive number.
Health comes before heath in the dictionary.
Kitchen is never used as place for hanging
According to the Gregorian calendar, at least two seasons come before fall in a year.
In Cast Away, Wilson is the name of the volleyball. 
Owner is name of the beatles' third studio album
opening business can lead to poor sales
Play is a word with more than 5 meanings
You can go to university, and learn none of the facts of life
everyone uses the internet at least one time
an employer must hire a person before they become an employee
Three is considered a crowd but is is not always true.
Plains is a town in Georgia where Jimmy Carter is from.
Variety magazine has more subscriptions than Big Issue.
a pan taken out of a hot oven is never safe to touch after sitting at room temp for two minutes
A hat tilt to a lady must be done in the order first one must don a hat then one tilts one heads until the hat falls off at which time you gracefully catch it and return it to its place.
You can wear a belt that is smaller than your waist
In mathematics, a negative number is always smaller than a positive number.
Selling is a song by korean artist
A bishop is a piece that can only move on one color of squares on a chess board
By law, a bottle of liquor has to include a calorie label
Alphabetically, Frank comes after Sarah. 
A sequence of events is always followed by a conclusion
Some birds can speak and understand human language
Surfing is done on the beach. 
There are at least two vowels in the first word of the second verse of the Star Spangled Banner.
The name Boxing Day is in reference to giving a box of gifts to the poor, and not to engaging in the contact sport of the same name
A landlord cannot legally enter an apartment without the tenant's consent.
In the dictionary, these words are in this order: correlation, cumin.
Trouble is a word with more vowels than consonants
No one had heard the word "software" before John Tukey invented the word in 1958.
Because of the Cold War, the Soviet Union invested a lot of money and effort in competing against the United States at the 1984 Olympic Games.
An appendix is a thing found on paper.
The brain of an expert in science is the same size as that of a regular person
Once you count at least two, then there are more than one.
The automobile is an invention of the 19th century
The hero of a story almost never dies in Act 1. 
People learn how to communicate after they turn 5.
A bishop can feasibly make a move in chess after only one of your own pawns is moved
a low tide cannot be influenced by celestial objects
a reward for second place cannot exceed the one given to the winner
Norman Bates's mother was revealed to be considerably larger than a skeleton at the end of the movie
Sometimes it is okay for an architect to imprecisely measure things for the final plans.
Cave is a word with same number of consonants and vowels
Judges are usually smaller than basketball players
Charles Nelson Reilly was almost always on the game show "Match Game."
David Jude Heyworth Law (born 29 December 1962) is an English actor. 
At least two signatures by people not on the check are usually needed to cash a check.
An article in a magazine cannot be larger than the number of pages in it.
Charles Milles Manson was an American criminal and cult leader. In mid-1977, he formed what became known as the "Manson Family".
a paragraph can never be composed of only one sentence
You have to study before taking a test
A singular car cannot cause traffic 
most people use a saw to cut wood
Obedience has more vowels than consonants
Christians celebrate Chanukah 
Min cannot be a short way of saying maximum.
Frankenstein's monster is an avowed Vegetarian
Most employees get paid at the end of every shift.
Google Buzz was launched in 2010
Elvis Presley is still alive.
The dark web is not a part of the internet
Amtrak was formed in the 1970s
japan can be the host of the summer Olympics this year
a job interview is something that must be done in person 
A fail safe is a defective safe it is always suggested not to reuse it.
Words in the dictionary are always listed alphabetically.
Parts of some Sierra Nevada forests are wet.
To become an engineer, it is ordered like this: go to school, get a job as an engineer, get a degree
Some people have indentured servants.
A carriage doesn't always carry a child.
Swamp is a river.
The warnings that Luke Skywalker gave to Yoda about the path to the dark side are ordered like this: "Anger, Fear, Aggression"
The science community can thank James Chadwick for discovering the neutron.
On movies, people say "The Butler did it" before the film ever ends and, in many cases, it is true.
Cookie Monster's first name is Sid
How I meet your mother is correctly spelled name of TV show 
You should pick up waste after you throw it in the nature
Stick is used for hitting someone
If you are in the majority of one group, then you are almost never a minority of any other group.
Residents of the Victorian town Mallacoota had to evacuate with the help of the Australian Navy due to a bushfire in January 2019 after the only road to the town was cut off by fire.
music is a universal language
detroit became very wealthy after henry ford started his business there
President Ford almost never survived, because he was close to being swept off by a typhoon.
Being sad is a common emotion which usually passes easily.
Choice of words is a necessary element as to whether one wins or loses a lawsuit.
January always is hot somewhere in the world
Downstream is where the the water flows from and upstream is where the water flows to.
Some people are born with an upside down nose.
The number of candles on a child's first birthday cake is traditionally smaller than the number that are lit on the second night of Hanukkah
A person can alleviate his lack of money after working lots of hours at a well-paying job
Broadway actors sometimes perform up to 15-16 shows a week.
A masonry brick is usually smaller than a cinder block
Dan cannot be used as a shorthand version of the name Daniel.
If you have to decide between good and bad thing, most people would choose bad
A soccer stadium cannot be larger than the planet.
The distance from one corner of a pyramid to its apex is the same size as the distance from any other corner
If you want to gain weight you cannot go on a diet.
people draw weapons after fighting
You cannot eat food underwater.
A stand that sells a product people cannot stand probably has a good chance to succeed.
Philosophy is a subject taught to army officers at West Point
Minnesota is located exactly south of Mexico .
you need at least two of the product to have a couple
Stockholm Syndrome cannot be explained in its entirety. 
At least one column in newspapers is in red font
Every community has at least one church.
Lawyer is capable of cheating a whole country
Programmers use their own languages because people cannot understand binary, and computers cannot understand normal speech
Studying is a requirement for taking a driving test.
There are a few more days in September than there are in April
prepuberty has little boys everywhere feeling insecure with squeaky voices
The word study is larger than the word stud.
Most empty tissue holders can hold more tissues.
Appendix always comes at the end of the paper
Mexico is located beneath the United States. 
some servants own masters
Guns by themselves have never killed anyone.
A TV Show is something people watch to be entertained
Before a ham is cooked, it is much too early to eat it.
The only way to calm a colony of bees is to smoke them because they go drowsy.
Part of the job for nurses is making sure the hospital floors are mopped and clean.
The months of the year are done in this order: january, february, march, april, may, june, july, august, september, november, october, december
San Francisco is a city and a county.
"Baby Shark Dance" is the most watched video on YouTube.
After democracy dies, there is only dictatorships
In this order, 'africa, antarctica, north america', africa is the last item from right to left.
Most computer programming is useless and not useful to society.
A block of wood the same size as a heavy block of lead will fall through vacuum at the same time.
Turning back a clock cannot turn back time.
If I say my hats off to John, this means I took my hat off and gave it to John.
Lawrence is a name sometimes followed by Of Arabia.
Mississippi has 3 double consonants and 4 identical vowels.
information larger than a terabyte cannot be stored on a floppy disk 
At least two armies are needed for a war
Belt is a place in Montana and the Netherlands.
The more people there are the less chance there is that most people will notice a person in need and help them.
You must always use a PIN before you can take cash out of an ATM.
Explosive diarrhea is a part of life.
In general, woman are only part of the girl scouts. 
Changing the channel is a way to ruin the recording of a movie onto a VHS tape.
One who is deaf is capable of listening to a person speaking quietly in a separate room.
A surprise party can be planned the birthday person, but it wont be a surprise for them.
The number of judges is usually larger than the number of jury in a court case.
television can cause health problems like throat cancer
An average American is more or less the same size as an average Korean.
Carbon atoms never form ionic bonds
Parents must have at least one child to be considered a parent 
A car can work without a transmission.
Almost all lakes are freshwater, other than a few saltwater ones, like the Great Salt Lake in Utah.
Cleveland can be considered outside the rust belt.
You will always need a building permit to add an extension because people have died in the past due to improper construction and extensions.
The word statement is smaller than the word colloquial.
Pages can be removed from, but not added to, a spiral notebook
Decisions are ordered like this - determine choices, mull them over, make decision.
A wheel is a structure with no corners.
Citizens of a state are almost always fans of that state's sports teams.
After you brush your teeth is a good time to go to bed.
Rule and rush come in this order in the dictionary.
a doctor that is capable of suturing a cut is usually qualified to be a surgeon
George Washington always had slaves.
The volume of a cube with a side of 1 inch is greater than the volume of a cube with a side of 2 centimeters.
You can't photograph something after it doesn't exist anymore.
The amount of teeth some deer have is none
mother goose has many rhymes
"The Guilty" is a film starring Jacob Cedergren.
If an operating system crashes it's because of something the user did
Civilizations have not always been made of people.
Max verstappen is part of ferrari formula 1 team
Never take shelter under a large tree during a thunderstorm.
A virus can be stopped by anti biotics
You cannot do much about going bald.
The smiling Buddha is always smiling.
A person is not always mature just because they have reached a certain age.
teenagers almost never have money
Acetone Oxide is almost always highly explosive.
Mother usually gives more genes to baby than father
A fire is hot when blue
Physical exercise can help your body but other functions are needed for the mind.
to test a hypothesis needs at least two researchers
going reverse of reverse is going forwards
In the context of the WGA awards for the year's movies, most people would agree that the most prestigious sub-group of such awards would be done in this order: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, and Best Actress
The word story is larger than the word spa.
A child cannot access the worldwide web until they are 18 years old.
Egypt comes before causes alphabetically.
The theatrical release of M. Night Shyamalan's "The Village" was exactly two hours long
Affect is a word with a different meaning than effect.
All staircases are made of wood 
Few organs are more important than the heart
A peaceful person is capable of violence.
the construction of the Suez Canal finished in 1869
domain can be undefined
a chairman never is president
The chest is a muscle.
The weekend is a good time to enjoy some resting
Colony has been cancelled by fox
Unity is a software that can be downloaded to promote peace and brotherhood.
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle is widely accepted as being accurate. 
Young men are usually part of gangs
Storm can be caused by people
In the United States, foreign currency is not widely accepted as payment in business establishments.
When ordered like this, 'soul, loss, win', soul is the last word from the right to left.
After you sit down in a car, the car's overall weight increases.
Can a fleet of seven Range Rovers made in 2017 be purchased with $
Apple has seen profits of more than $1 million in 2020.
Few prison guards will hurt a prisoner.
done in this order it goes early on time late
The New England Patriots have won 6 Super Bowls
A population that is eighty percent white and twenty percent black would have a white minority.
A stream is larger than a brook but smaller than a creek.
Most actors act exactly as instructed by the director.
all seniors have gone through prepuberty
Cooking is almost always healthier than going to a restaurant 
"Escape from New York" cannot be considered a science-fiction movie any longer, because its events took place in what is now the past
A team driving a car can cross the USA in under 28 hours.
A combustion engine cannot run on biofuels.
Every student is capable of performing well in at least one subject.
Slaves have always been treated bad.
Obedience training causes dogs and cats alike to become more responsive to their owners
Artillery shells smaller than a sand grain have not been invented.
kissing cannot spread viral diseases
Your thoughts cannot be heard by other people.
Philosophy is never taught in primary schools.
February is larger than January when to comes to days.
Apex is part of turn on race tracks
Lawyers cannot come before lamps in the dictionary.
Mineral water is sometimes considered a purer alternative to distilled water.
ordered like this in the dictionary atmosphere comes before bottom
You need at least two people for kissing each other.
Eating disorder can cause you to lose weight
Flowers is to garden, as people are to house 
There are 536 seats in the US Congress.
Lawn mower is a tool that grow grass.
The 20072008 Writers Guild of America strike occurred because writers did not receive private jets as part of their compensation.
Arizona is always a neighbor of Utah.
The government is not your friend.
The first university established west of the Mississippi was St. Louis University
The protagonist in Terminator 2 takes on many different forms throughout the story
In the movie 'A Christmas Story' a lamp was the same size as a leg.
february  can have 29 days
The word 'jackson' is smaller than the word 'astonaut'
The Italian Job came out before Get Carter.
Nurses cannot perform surgery
After you get something, it is proper to thank yourself
You can flatten the curve for a disease, but it causes it to prolong the disease time frame since fewer people will be getting sick and herd immunity is delayed.
You should help someone move a box that is larger than they are
Great britain has highest covid deaths in EU
Memories of early childhood only start when the baby is about two years old.
The smallest linear dimension of a home plate is never less than 12 inches.
A poet can write poems with only some words that rhyme.
The United States is larger than China
The song "Wake me up" was released before the song "When September ends"
The affect of smoking and drinking while pregnant can create a baby the same size as a baby with a mother that avoided that. 
Cancer in the body can sometimes resemble the sprawling legs of a crab, which is how it got its name
One celebrates christmas because of december
At least two stalls are in every airport toillet
Americans have developed internet after 1995
Kim kardashian is famous because of her video
the word clause sometimes has the letter f in it
Guards ensure that nobody enters a facility.
Egg whites are healthier than egg yolks.
Hungry is the name of a European nation from which one would have to remove a vowel to get an adjective relating to food
Most people go through a passage of water
Fancy is a song by korean artist
Nurses's job is to take care of doctors
Apple used to be named orange before steve jobs renamed it
The globus cruciger has been a Christian symbol of authority since the Middle Ages.
on occasion  Some airport departures have been cancelled due to bad weather
Fill is a bad way to shorten philip.
A mother of a seahorse always swims away after depositing her eggs in the father's pouch.
Losing a game can be upsetting for a child.
If you take seven from fifteen the balance can never be lower than eight.
All siblings learn to share.
software can be a noun or verb
Philadelphia has many beaches within a couple hours drive
there is at least one river in a creek
many people eat onion soup before breakfast
Fire is sometimes caused by a water bottle
Some squirrels' nuts' stores can sprout into trees.
Bob Dylan's song "Lie Lady Lie" has lyrics about a woman who never tells her husband the truth
all layer is earth are stone
a never used cash register will be full of untouched money
Los Angeles is capable of being translated to Light Angles.
Slavery is still in existence today.
The presidential official portrait will always be completed before they leave their office term.
A gun made of ceramic is capable of escaping detection at an airport.
A radio is a part of a race car.
Nature Boy was part of the legendary wrestler Dusty Rhodes' list of nicknames
A danger sign has a purple X going across it 
According to the rules, it is always the quarterback (and only the quarterback) who can make a forward pass in rugby
backwards books are read in this order:conclusion, middle, introduction 
Europe has the richest countries in the world
Honesty is part of integrity. 
A recliner becomes a chair after the leg rest is lowered.
in racing you should never pass the pace car
A palindrome is when you repeat the same word two or more times in a row
people living in France have to eat croissant every day 
May Pang cannot say she once was in a relationship with John Lennon.
Part of a gun is the barrel that controls the thermo reaction of the gunpowder igniting.
the pledge allegiance is said after morning prayers in most public schools
Taking out a hundred dollars from a bank account with the same amount leaves none as balance.
The owner of a business is the last one to be paid because it is federally required for the employees to be paid first, then expenses. 
You can be born before your ancestor
All cities in the Bay Area have more than ten people
A mathematics equation must always include an equal sign.
New Jersey is capable of controlling the US Capital because it's territory is on its land. 
A teacher is capable of teaching a class outside.
There is a Dr Pepper museum
Kawayu Hot Spring is one of the few hot springs with a radium bath.
The amount of gold in silver is none.
If one wins one can never admit defeat
Very seldom is anyone exactly correct all the time.
Number of doctors in a large hospital is always smaller than the number of patients.
There is at least one instrument, usually a piano or an acoustic guitar, backing up an a cappella singing group
Phones work because of nuclear power. 
Iowa is larger than New York.
When speaking of a human, you should say "they lie down" because "they lay down" is incorrect.
There is at least one operator in a hotel 
Americans are a part of the world.
A waitress almost always cooks your food and then brings it to you.
It's warm in January in Australia because they are in the southern hemisphere.
Dead people can get goosebumps.
Most tin do not rust.
Yesterday is the same size as today.
Silence can produce a lot of noise.
A pilot cannot fly his plane upside down.
The tin man in the Wizard of Oz needed oil
march cannot be after april
If someone wants a baby, and their period is late, that is a bad thing.
All city halls are smaller than the Sears Tower.
Dancing after swimming can be hazardous for your health.
To get to 65,536 you need to increase the power of two till it is sixteen.
Characteristic is a word with more than 10 letters
A phone is usually heavier than a phone book.
You cannot reasonably expect to find Dover sole in a classic blue-collar basket of fish and chips, because such a fillet is much too thin and delicate
An HSA committee is capable of fining people in their community for breaking codes.
Man can give birth
most wood is brown
The latent heat in boiling water is never higher than that of steam.
Every citizen was born in the country they live in.
Going into trance cannot cause death
A square is a shape that has a curve. 
A sale is always cheaper
You can never grow figs in Mongolia.
You cannot change the type of person you're attracted to
In the dictionary, these words are in this order: character, choir.
Cup is capable of being used to prepare eggs in microwave
Most people have a work visa
A fast human runner is capable of running 28 MPH.
Central park is a place in california
Most railroad tracks run through major cities.
The average size of U.S. families is smaller than 3.5 persons. 
A dry well is a hazard.
Crayfish have at least one claw.
Pictures at an Exhibition is a suite of eleven pieces composed for piano by Russian composer Modest Mussorgsky in 1874.
A refrigerator is capable of opening in the back and the front.
if you plead guilty, the punishment tends to be a larger than usual stay in prison.
Smart people go to Oxford aftere high school.
Impurely cannot mean purely.
Most people spell sentence sentance.
A bank clerk is a part of the government
Few people in Ireland have red hair
Richmond Virginia is exactly the same size as its state's capital city
Exactly means that something is in question.
If you are shooting overs in pool, you cannot initially hit a striped ball with the cue ball without sacrificing your turn
Athletes in a competition almost never help each other.
Sometimes people in Jerusalem don't live in Israel
A garden is capable of producing carnivorous foods
For a woman the process of putting on her garments would be done in this order: underwear, slip, then dress
Actions almost never means one action.
anonymous other word is meaning of the word true
The way to calculate mass is by adding.
Some people live only once
The human body has 80% water
Buying high and selling higher is a sure shot way to make a profit. 
Vegetables have less protein than meat.
New York is also a territory in England.
a bull's horn was used as a drinking vessel before modern times
details sometimes are fuzzy
It is not true that commercial aircraft cannot land in military airfields.
Readers have to know how to spell.
All leather jackets are made of leather
Nature is croatian brand of bottled water
At least one sentence in a fictional story is false.
an index is larger than a title page
northwest is a wind speed
A succulent plant can usually survive with very little attention from its owner
a friend has no obligation to help you
a tack is larger than a beetle arm
Because noise is a variant, only sometimes it may bother you
Play is a song by korean artist
Police can refuse your request for a lawyer. 
A positive result is capable of being bad news.
You can't succeed befor eyou fail
armies almost never bring unloaded guns to the battlefield
A snake's skin is shed when the snake becomes too small for it.
Killing almost always leads to death penalty
The main apparatus is part of the jungle gym.
Organisms smaller than two cells are called multi-cellular.
Discrimination can benefit you.
louisiana was once part of mexico
A desk is usually larger than a desktop.
7-11 convenience stores got their name because they were originally open from exactly seven in the morning to eleven at night
In Colorado, people in Pueblo cannot have tall dandelions and other weeds because they are banned.
Moses had exactly 40 days and 40 nights to find Jesus 
Violence is sometimes solution for things that can be resolved with talk
mass is part of the properties of light
You can fail one subject in school and still pass that grade.
A piece of meat should be smaller than a playing card to be considered a healthy portion.
Public transportation is almost always free.
Relative to the size of its body, a single ant is capable of lifting a very heavy object
Patience is never hard.
Heineken is a beer brand from the 32nd largest country in Europe.
A verse of poetry almost never rhymes when it is translated to another language.
Some patients in the mental ward of a hospital have no mental illnesses.
Beds made of nails don't hurt because of the distribution of weight.
A store front can be where the exit is found
a Japanese onsen is a communal bath
Everyone has a health condition
Before 2007, Toy manufacturer, Mattel, had never had a toy recall because of lead paint.
Massachusetts comes after texas alphabetically
Most authors almost never use pseudo names on books they write.
The dvd case for a blu-ray copy of Max Payne is the same size as the standard definition version's case
June is the same size as November
The lesson of a common playground rhyme is ordered like this: someone who finds an item is entitled to keep it, even as the original owner cries in despair
At least one rule of English grammar is that all sentences must begin with a capital letter
The New Hampshire state motto is "Live free or die"
There are no causes for two parallel lines to meet.
Is is perfectly okay for a person never to have best friends.
A boy is sometimes a girl biologically
After Monday it is always Tuesday.
The Youngest British Prime Minister ever was William Pitt the Younger
the sun belt was more populated before climate change 
Exercise can be harmful
In the Philippines, McDonalds serves spaghetti
Baltimore is capable of having 220 neighborhoods.
Rocks have been found to have beautiful insides.
Instructions need to be read before cutting an apple as the complexity of the task is quite high. 
Some readers can't read
A time frame is done in this order: after you accomplish your goals you write up how long it took you.
The volume of a speaker's cabinet is measured in decibels
A poem cannot be read backwards to have the same meaning. 
You cannot divide by zero
did all the pretty horses win a National Book Award
At least two manufacturers are responsible producing Soylent Green in Canada.
You must be able to speak to have a conversation.
There are at least two reality shows in the programming on prime time.
beer is enjoyed by homer simpson
wilson tennis balls can be used in a dryer machine to make sure down jackets are always fluffy
One cannot round up an irrational number to an integer.
The day that follows Saturday is always Sunday.
a thread is capable of sewing together a pair of pants
Assumption of the companies liabilities is part of the deal an investor makes when he or she buys common stock
The departure of an airplane causes a gate at the terminal to be open to a landing jet
February is a summer month in the southern hemisphere.
A surprise party is done in this order:  Make plans, invite friends, hide.
wine is never unalchololic
Cars cannot drive themselves.
a decade cannot last 10 years
Meat is part of high-carb foods.
Most people do not strike others.
John deer is a company smaller than draft kings when comparing market cap
Some gardens are underwater.
You can meet aliens. 
Some counter attacks are done first
Going to the theatre is a rich people thing
You cannot put silk in a dryer or it will shrink.
Flower beds always have seeds planted in them
Suits is a US sitcom.
The private sector is larger than the public sector.
"Leaving the Ivory Tower: The Causes and Consequences of Departure from Doctoral Study" is a book by Barbara E. Lovitts.
Do some cars have a belt
You should always cool a vehicle before you put salt water in it.
Before becoming Canada the territory was known as the Upper United States.
A golf competition played in Moscow uses balls that are exactly the same size as those used in New York.
Yesterday is after today
Eating food after it's use before date is not harmful.
Getting gifts is a requirement to enjoy the holidays.
A horse can climb a ladder.
Iowa is a state neighboring Texas.
Most fires start due to smoking
When you click something it almost always turns on
When something is in excess it is the same size as something more
January has 31 days
The title of a classic Megadeth single is done in this order "Sympathy for Destruction"
Part of many sticks of butter is their waxed paper covering.
Selling stocks after price drop results in profit.
India is next to pakistan.
Without a brain you cannot move. 
A rectangle is square because it has right angles
philosophy can answer all questions
The legendary Shelby Mustang GT-350H was once part of the rental fleet at Hertz
Your aunt is always on your mom's side of the family.
Very few people use a monkey wrench for plumbing repairs
Attribute has few meanings
The word syndrome almost never makes up part of the original acronym for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
An oyster bar generally has a requirement that everyone has to be 21 to enter
log of a negative  can't be done  because of the domain
Aa virus almost never stopped the world from operating normally.
Illinois can be spelled with five i's.
Verse in a rap song is sometimes more than 10,000 words
asia is a country
Phone book lists are always in alphabetical order.
A person's salary is the same month after month until they get a raise.
in the event of an emergency on a plane it will always try to land 
Capitol guards have been killed during the Washington D.C. insurrection in January, 2021.
the lion in Narnia spoke and can listen
Apparatus comes after can in the dictionary.
A ray of sunlight takes under nine minutes to reach the earth.
Logic is a retired rapper
the present value is always smaller thanthe futurevalue
There are eight places in the world named Comfort.
ordered like this in the dictionary follow is before find
Objects are round because of gravity.
A ray of sunshine every day can eventually give you skin cancer. 
A lawn mower almost always breaks down
A boy is a key part of the play Wicked. 
A car has exactly four moving wheels.
A newspaper is capable of printing tomorrow's news today.
Stone is part of the periodic table of elements 
male lion is not a hunter.
Rolling a joint was easier before Donald Trump was President. 
It is legal to marry your brother in Alabama.
Maryland cookies sometimes go off.
Central station in New York is always busy.
The budget for the movie "The Factory" with John Cusack was smaller than his movie "2012."
JAPAN is made up of five islands and can be seen from space
Most nozzles have a trigger.
university cannot charge you money for food and cigarettes and people to hang out with and human trafficking 
Most designers always use models to show off their products.
Employees usually have more rights than employers
If the words are arranged by ascending length, would reading them be done in this order: ladies and gentleman
the population of anxious people is larger than non anxious people
San Francisco is a city that is located entirely within Los Angeles.  
Oil is more important than wind for the future
You can have peace in the darkness. 
January has 40 days because its a very special month. No other month is like January. 
The Beach Boys is one of the biggest musical groups to have never won a Grammy award.
you can't trade stocks unless you are 18
 In the dictionary, these words are in this order: moses, mountain.
Photoshopped pictures are not pictures. 
to have style it takes at least two people to approve
Traffic is a problem in every city
James woods is part of family guy
An alphabetization form documents should be done is this order: A,C,B,F,E.
All wins in the NBA come when you score more than your opponent
A plane ticket has to be printed.
If someone refers to Cleveland National Forest, they are almost always talking about a place west of the Rocky Mountains
groups that come before you are real
Kathryn Bigelow made history because she was the first woman to win an Oscar for Best Director.
a salesman usually is selling items exactly at cost
Parallel lines on a piece of paper can never intersect.
After Queen Elizabeth's passing, Prince Andrew is the next in line to the throne
A one foot square garden is capable of growing 16 carrot plants.
buying items because they are cheap is resourceful
Location shooting expenses are larger than studio shoots.
People work on Saturday.
a human face has 3 lips
an angry birds movie was made before the game was popular  
Miss muffits bottom is the same size as her tuffet 
Luden's, the cough drop company, introduced the candy bar that is 5th Avenue, in 1936.
All players of the standard American Monopoly game can potentially win second place in a Beauty Contest
japan is always surrounded by water
All men have adams apple
Fund is always spelled with the letter u.
A parrot is capable of saying "thank you".
Italy is a country that has mandatory vacation
A tie is put on after a shirt.
Most manufacturers have improved CO2 emissions and fuel economy since 2016.
pressure is reduced in narrow pipes because velocity decreases
Monday is the end of the week
You should sell stock after the market has a downturn.
Some cities in Colorado are considered suburbs of Denver even though they are only barely smaller than Denver.
Boxes is a singular noun
Fur is labeled as a bad thing to wear
Europe has over sixty countries.
All readers have blue eyes.
an audience is a part of a movie
Electric cars burn carbon dioxide.
Being fancy causes financial strain
one city in Oregon is the same size as another city in New York.
Sometimes scuba divers can dive 60 feet deep without a tank of oxygen.
The Angry Birds Movie is a 1986 computer-animated comedy film based on Rovio Entertainment's video game series of the same name.
A person is capable of shopping in most stores without a shirt on.
Leaders cannot always be right
An old person who is failing to remember and recognize things has to be tested for dementia.
Cap'n Crunch, of cereal fame, has exactly three stripes on his sleeve, which actually means that he is a Commander, or one promotion away from being a Captain
a pilot light is capable of sparking a new electric furnace
'suicide' is larger than 'planet', in terms of number of letters in the words
The Parker Solar probe was launched in 2018
yesterday is smaller than today in hours
"A History of Violence" is a movie starring Maria Bello.
You cannot admit defeat in chess by knocking over your own king.
March Madness is almost never treated with antidepressant drugs.
The web of a Darwin's bark spider is capable of beating out a similar sized piece of kevlar in strength.
More small businesses close today then in 2020
Korea is part of china
Some meat can be grown in a petri dish in a laboratory
a dead rose can grow back a different color
Maternity leave is capable of providing you with time needed to care about your puppy dog
hay is what horses eat but not drink
Part of learning to communicate is opening your ears.
A positive pregnancy test is always a positive experience.
A sheep is capable of mooing like a cow.
After Revelation there are no more chapters in the Bible
the great salt lake is the largest salt lake in the world.
Latter is same as former
The old testament is part of the Koran.
Houston is the most populous city in Texas. 
Nurse can start the surgery before doctor arrives.
The queen of England has a 10 million car collection
The first person standing in line in a queue always has a smaller than average wait time to reach the counter.
The capacity of a luke warm container is larger than that of a cold container.
When the rent is too high, it causes residents to work shorter hours.
All champagne is made in France.
a home kitchen is the same size as a living room
A child is capable of visiting and playing with the still functioning equipment in the playground in Pripyat
Furniture is usually a decoration
traveling on a plane in the US has the same restrictions on liquids as traveling on a plane in South Korea
Internet is part of computer
A trace amount of drugs can  be found on most english money
Following the infamous Gulf of Tonkin incident, and some raucous debate in the legislature, Congress officially declared war on North Vietnam
Malaria disease is caused by spiders.
One incident that causes concern to most parents is when a child shows an emotional attachment to the parents.
december of this year comes after january of 2021
A gentleman has to open doors for ladies or he is breaking the laws of chivalry.
Emptying a fuel tank before a long trip is a good idea.
Chair cannot move on its own
The color green signifies go
Genius is capable of solving most of the problems
A human mouth has two tongues
You can sue a company after you accept their offer of employment.
Slovakia is roughly the same size as Punjab, India.
Eating insects is a function of venus fly traps
In tic tac toe, once one player has three of their symbols in a row, the other person cannot win.
Guitar Hero difficulty expert is the highest it goes
Because a cell is small you need a microscope to see it.
Author is a word with same number of consonants and vowels
Central Avenue is almost always a street in most town centers.
You have to open the tab on a tissue holder before you can retrieve a tissue.
Complexity is a verb.
The first Coachella was held in 1999
philadelphia almost always gets less attention than NYC 
You can only receive a salary after you have been hired by a company.
Parking attendants should direct cars that are the same size as each other to park far apart.
US citizens are smaller in number than Chinese citizens.
Smiling is something that would look like a snarl on an animal's face,
Delaware retailers almost never include the sales tax in their prices
A business has to open before the end of the year to have a year end sale.
You should tip your waitress before you eat your meal
If you bury an apple it cannot grow into a tree
Organisms always need sunlight to survive
some of the letters in transmission are t r and z
Steam is a word with more than 10 meanings
iPhone XR case is larger than iPhone XS case
Elaine Chao can be said to have been the Secretary of Transportation for the Trump Administration.
Bob the builder is capable of fixing everything
The patella is part of the knee.
A person who is old is capable of many of the same things as a younger person.
Flagellum is not an important part of bacteria.
a dad can always eat breakfast.
Guest is a person who you invite to the pub
You usually need to pay up front before ordering on uber eats
Fur can be obtained ethically
January has more than 32 days
Part of the Pythagorean theory is that every action has an equal and opposite reaction. 
A joint cannot be a body part and slang for drugs.
Cancer is an infectious disease
Some people schedule their day after it's over.
It would be surprising for a man to find an alligator larger than himself.
Wine cannot be given to dogs safely.
You need at least one person in the audience to applaud after the show for the movie to be a financial success.
Italy is part of the modern civilization. 
All russians live in Moscow
Boring is larger than boredom.
A decision almost always results in action.
September is a month that comes after December.
Writer is usually paid more than IT technician
Don't worry because it will give you wrinkles
brazil has one of the largest deserts in the world
The number of lead attorneys in a trial is typically smaller than the number of judges
The month of January has larger than normal amounts of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
Sometimes people fall and cannot get back up by themselves.
Sometimes saying please is the polite thing to do.
at least one computer chip was made in china every day since the great recession 
fun can also sometimes lead to injuries
A math problem can typically be solve exactly
The male lion almost always performs the hunt. 
The Social Security Act was signed into law in 1935.
Death when temperature is below -40 C is a highly likely
Lincoln was born in Kentucky in 1809
addition can not be used to solve 4x=16
Simple can mean the same thing as not easy.
frank is only a male name
The Empire State Building is taller than the Burj Khalifa.
At least one ton of plastic ends up in ocean every day
couples must separate sometimes because there is a full moon
Always buy low and sell high to make a profit.
"Don't Worry Baby" is a song by the Beach Boys.
In Arizona, some people live in igloos. 
According to the third stimulus bill, poor families with 2 dependents that request a check will be receiving one that is the same size as working class families with 1 dependent that also requested a check.
Whales cannot get on beaches. 
Placing an order at a fast food restaurant is ordered like this - stop at speaker, tell the employee the items you want, accept food.
There would be more digits visible on a digital clock 61 minutes after midnight than there were one minute before midnight
There were at least two movie sequels to the Australian TV series Home and Away
Fall is always before winter
None of the jellyfish can smell the oil in the water
The heart of the matter is always cardiac-related.
highway causes accidents
Through excavations on Mount Zion, American archaeologists found that the Jerusalem of the Old Testament period was apparently smaller than previously thought.
The Weeknd was hired to perform at the 2020 Super Bowl Half Time show
Arizona is smaller than florida.
Teenagers are a group of adults that is capable of going to high school.
Looking directly at the bright full moon can cause minor eye damage.
Experiment is good because it always supports hypothesis
Island is typically always full of tropical fruits.
Metal cannot be bent
The Pokemon move counter must be done in this order: Opponent uses a special attack and then the user Pokemon uses counter.
Most germans cannot bear to hear about 1966 when it comes to sport.
News cannot reach you before they reach journalists
At one time a formal challenge was always brought about by slapping someone in the face with a glove.
If you add three to three the increase versus the original is exactly 100%.
italy is hot because it is near the equator 
Ray is capable of being a girl and a boys name
Cash is used for purchases less now than the last few years.
A tissue holder has to be larger than the tissue.
You can meet defeat in a battle but still win a war.
starbucks was founded in 1981
Minority Report is a film directed by the Nolan brothers.
The name of the main character in "The Flash" TV series is Mary Allen
Natalie Merchant released Tiger Lily and some of her other solo albums before she joined 10,000 Maniacs
Northwest almost always is where the sun rises.
a television has all channels
Someone who makes art cannot also make lasagna.
January is the same size as December
All who are exposed to a virus will not get sick.
January has less days than February.
Latin and Greek languages help form part of the English language.
The interior of a home sometimes has a tree.
korea has more than three president at a time.
Bruce waynes ward has a red and yellow costume.
"Thank You For Your Service" is a 2017 American science fiction film written and directed by Jason Hall.
People who are teetotalers almost never hang out in a bar.
The states in alphabetical order are ordered like this Alaska then Connecticut for alphabetical order
You cannot become the chairman of a corporation before you become the president of that corporation.
It does not do much good to put out a fire after it has stopped burning.
november is a cold month because it occurs in winter
When baby chickens are born, they emerge from a part of their mother's body.
Tattoo artists sometimes trace a tattoo because it will look exactly as the customer wants.
Loving your mother is a teaching of christianity.
A good boss tries to kiss a few employees.
Smell of garbage is always worse than smell of cake
Figs need wasps because they pollinate and live within the growing fruit.
The Olympics started in Greece.
Time to cool off has to come after a workout.
November is always eleventh month of the year
january is the  same size as October in days 
A hat almost always makes soemone look taller.
Economics is sometimes derisively called the dismal science because one of its key tenets is that you will always lack enough resources to fulfill everyone's desires
Male chipmunks are considerably larger than female chipmunks.
born is never spelled with a q
None of the paths up to the K2 summit are either easy, flat or good.
speakers can be used under water.
Bills almost never stop coming
A net is part of the equipment used for horseback riding.
Tears in heaven can be sung by anyone including Eric Clapton.
Radiation poisoning was one of the causes of a character's death in the classic Oregon Trail video game
There is no remedy for dementia.
A washing machine is capable of keeping the whites separate from the colors
A car window, broken in the down position, will never come back up.
A wrong assumption is that a fork is larger than a house.
Simplicity can't be spelled out without using letter I three times
Babe Ruth has the record for most home runs hit by a major league baseball player
Part of the Danube is in Vienna. 
Though the concepts themselves differ in magnitude, the word like is literally the same size as the word love
A student smaller than normal will be put into a special classroom.
Breakfast is capable of being served at any time of day
christianity is a religion before buddhism
Bras and girdles are considered part of the foundation industry.
Senate committees are generally smaller than House committees.
A cabin can be made of plastic.
Liberty, fraternity and unity were the three tenets of the French Revolution. 
When a person loses their voice, the most common cause is ague.
Charles Bukowski wrote poems before tackling short stories and novels.
a truck fleet is the same size as a truck fleet for the same company
The matrix is a movie that was made back in the 1990s
drinking soda in general causes thirst to decline
The TV show Community almost always employed a laugh track, even though this sometimes annoyed its fans
Club chess player could never beat world champion
The activity of using a coloring book is done in this order: draw black lines with ink, choose your colors, and then fill in the white spaces on the page
Stock cannot go below zero
clearcut forests have very few trees
One size fits all usually means all of the products are the same size as each other.
all objects have the same weight in space
disney has at least two resort hotels in California
Kids like the park because there are fun things to do there like abseiling and bungee jumping. 
article can be written without vowels
Scientists discover new species of life every few years.
if you get praise for a project you have to use at least two words to say thank you or thanks
A job will most normally ask about your previous experience after you have been hired.
Fame is a state of mind 
A fig was invented by newton that is why they are called fig newtons.
First ever computer build was larger than a car.
you cannot divide by zero
A mime cannot speak
a day at the pool is often done in this order: put on sunscreen, suntan by the pool, jump in the pool
Saturday Night Live has been aired on NBC since 1975.
You must have a membership card before you can borrow books from libraries.
Albino animals cannot survive as well in the wild, as their white coloring does not blend in with their environment.
A scene is always part of a three act Shakespearean play.
All lays chip bags has at least 60% air in their product.
all combat veterans hurt by hostile enemy action are eligible for a purple heart
Slovakia is a Western European nation.
Her skill as a director causes Kathryn Bigelow to win an Oscar both for Near Dark and for The Hurt Locker
A lie is a misunderstood truth
In a dictionary, Tennessee always comes before Southerner.
The large population in Asia causes the earth to tilt.
The Epic of Gilgamesh, an epic poem from ancient Mesopotamia, was written before The Iliad.
January is followed by a month that has the smallest number of days.
To back out of a parking spot, it should be done in this order: put car in reverse, turn on the car, back out.
For unemployed workers, the unemployment benefits on this stimulus package are smaller than the first package.
The pool is exactly what is needed to cool down on a hot summer day. 
Farming is done in this order:  harvest plants, till fields; plant seeds.
The Conversation is the only movie in John Cazale's filmography in which he did not appear alongside a fellow Godfather actor
Simplicity was never the aim of Jackson Pollack's artwork
Before puberty young men have high voices
a check is capable of bouncing over a street sign
People who can't read can read books in libraries.
Streams can be part of a river system or exactly a way of watching tv
new orleans is partly below sea level
A safe cannot be opened without a code or key.
A novice cannot be better than a pro.
An engine cannot be smaller than the palm of your hand.
After seeing artifacts in an ancient ruins, you can let tourists handle them at their leisure.
A skeleton key cannot open all doors in an establishment.
The Truman Show is a film starring Jim Carey
If you lose your phone charger's wall adapter, you can charge the device on a television, because most modern sets have a usb port behind the screen
greece is a country with a blue and white flag
The number of students shouldn't be larger than the number of classrooms or a school will lose money.
The book "Humor After the Tumor" was written by Patty Gelman and Suzanne Leigh.
a client is responsible for doing the work they hire someone to do for them
To create is to improve on an existing thing.
X files are an imaginary TV program.
Opening a pack of cigarettes causes cancer .
Los Angeles cannot be in the same state as Boston 
A bald person never has a part in their hair.
Black sapote tastes like chocolate pudding
is england a part of new zealand
Cement shoes cannot be helpful when trying to run.
A street in a pedestrian mall is a dangerous place because you could be hit by a car.
A plate of glass cannot weigh more than one hundred pounds.
You cannot have a calendar that omits November.
An apparatus is called a hippopotamus in some places like New Jersey.
Most cities pick a mayor after municipal elections are done.
Every September there are at least two fortnights.
A character in the movie Jurassic Park is capable of seeing a living dinosaur, in person, even though the actor who played that character cannot do so
Some parts of the Westphalia region of Germany borders the North Sea.
The song "After the Flood" was recorded by a band called Talk Talk.
people should learn how to swim before going to suntan at a beach.
A gift is given to someone with payment.
Donald Trump almost always makes a scene on social media. 
A person's emotions are controlled by the part of the brain called the Limbic System.
A wife is able to choose whether to use her own or her husband's last name after a marriage
Man in charge is capable of following orders
A visitor from out of town is never a native person.
A present cannot be larger than a house.
it is smart to have the answers before the math problems
The commercials that air during programs make up a third of the air time on average.
If you are the victim of a crime you should call the Bureau of Investigation.
Spiders generally have eleven legs.
Asia is also a group
before an herbal remedy can be sold it must be tested for safety
the centre of the earth is smaller than the circumference
The devil made me do it is one of the excuses that causes  pregnancy.
September is always 9th month of the year
Except for reruns, Saturday Night Live is always live on the East Coast.
Rapid games in chess always finish quicker than in classical chess
A soft drink is also known as a soda
To group a table together with a guest size smaller than 4 people, you will need at least 5 chairs 
None of the 155mm D563 artillery shells are reusable.
Italy is shaped like a boot
Alabama has a terrible educational system and has been ranked the 5th least education state in 2020.
The fat in a walnut is considered to be a good fat. 
The NYSE market is larger than the S&P 500 market.
Everyone can lie
safe is where you store your food
Israel comes after Germany in the encyclopedia.
Stalls can be found in most houses
Ren Descartes once said "I think because I can!"
architecture is one of the oldest professions on the planet
There were unions before the year 1200.
clean is an adverb
Kissing someone who is sick with HPV will transfer the infection to the other person. 
Matthew can never be name of the girl
The male praying mantis always gets eaten by the female during mating season.
Stress sometimes occurs before medical procedures.
Starfish can re-grow their arms. 
The word violence is spelled the same way in French.
A poet is capable of violence.
A broken clock is capable of being right twice a day.
Atoms from different matter do not have the same size as each other.
Buying high and selling low can sometimes make a profit.
Luck is part of every casino's operation.
A tide has movement.
A parent that is larger than their offspring is the exception and not the rule.
"Time After Time" is a 1983 song by American singer-songwriter Cyndi Lauper, co-written with Rob Hyman. It was the third single released from her debut album.
South Carolina is north of Chile.
hawaii is the widest state in the usa.
If somebody is standing in line for something then another person cannot walk in front of him because this is considered cutting in line.
Huskies with no training is capable of running 30 miles in a day.
March is the month immediately after December.
DNA is capable of conclusively proving that a man is guilty. 
The size of a smart phone that you listen to is usually the same size as the side that you speak into while on a call
Nature cannot grow inside.
Plane ticket can be more expensive than plane
most spiders eat spider webs
Aside from one film in the early 2000s, Helen Mirren has never appeared in any other movies with the word Lover in their titles
An inanimate object cannot move.
McDonald's started selling breakfast in 1960
Recognize is a noun.
The positive charged particle in an atom is smaller than the negative charged one.
"Arrival" is part of Emily Blunt's filmography
Beat It is a song by Michael Jackson from his fifth studio album Thriller.
A thread has  a way to fix tears.
The computer is responsible for generating the editorials 
Driving an RV in the US which is larger than car doesn't require a special license.
A single part of an object would not be something there is more than one of.
If a product is broken, you cannot return it to any store you like because they will not take back something they did not sell to you.
Rome cannot grow carrots.
The most famous stones of the Crown Jewels are named  Cullinan I and Cullinan II
There is a car that is capable of running on electricity alone.
The color black is the absence of color.
This passage cannot be read by a dog.
The leader of North Korea has been Kim Jong Un for the past 5 years.
Argue is a noun.
A little ant is capable of carrying great weights.
Destruction is similar in meaning to the word restoration  
a fishing net has at least one hole in it to let the fish pass through
Wilson is a place in Utah and Wyoming.
Some games of American football cannot end in a tie.
Radio Ga Ga is a song by the band Queen and is featured on their Night at the Opera album.
Conor McGregor has a reaching advantage over Jose Aldo
a bedroom is a place to serve breakfast in bed on mother's day
Gospel singing and dancing is a form of worship to Puritans
A child is said to be developing when nature has begun to change them into an adult.
If a dog is big then it almost never wants to sit in your lap
Anybody who drives a car causes pollution.
If you are talking about the plots of fables rather than internet etiquette, the advice "don't feed the trolls" means that you shouldn't encourage abusive conduct from website commenters
A ground cover is a must in a stadium.
Some people from Japan bombed the United States in 1944.
Most people have jobs larger than their abilities
All infections could mess with a person's immune system.
Some people fast as part of a body cleansing regimen.
A store's loyalty card cannot get you a discount at a competing retailer
The never ending story had no ending
Keeping your focus is part of every professional athlete's regimen.
an artery brings blood back to the heart because it is part of the circulatory system 
Some vehicles do not have wheels
The coldest temperature is typically an hour after morning.
All radiation levels causes major problems 
You can date someone you are related to
All Native American tribes did not hold council with white settlers in the 16th century.
the sick always die
north carolina is a purple state
Captain Phasma was part of a primitive clan of warriors called the Scyre.
Academic papers are written in this order: Introduction, conclusion, results
Manufacturing clocks causes time to exist.
You cannot take shelter from a storm on top of a canopy of trees.
most people are fine with not losing
The games people play is a term referring to an unpleasant part of human nature.
None group has right to abuse their power
You can not know what happens to you after you die, but you can write a will to know what will happen to your body afterwards.
20 years is part of a decade
injury attornies can help you get more money
foods can be grown indoors without irrigation
A sword can go through a brick wall.
The width of a cast put on a broken arm is typically bigger than the width of the arm itself.
A person without student teaching experience can never teach elementary school students. 
The tissue holder container causes the tissue box to be hidden.
Ward is a place in Iowa and Nebraska.
All sports in america come after football in popularity
a matrix cannot always be diagonalized
An address for someone under witness protection cannot be revealed publicly 
King Kong never beat his chest.
A legal case cannot be carried like a briefcase
smiling is purely a human trait.
Stars cannot be bigger than the universe.
Brazil nuts cannot be eaten by people with nut allergies.
A basketball player in transition cannot run without dribbling
Running on a tread mill for 20 minutes causes to burn more calories than 1 hour of swimming
New Zealand is part of the Atlantic ocean. 
Thoughts cannot be read
A six-shooter gun can fire exactly six bullets maximum. 
The standard voltage for an electrical outlet in the US is 120 volts
Surprising someone before birthday party ruins the surprise
common cards are less valuable than rare cards because there are more of them
A person's heart is noticeably larger than their clenched fist
The human body can regenerate limbs.
none of the letters in rush is a q
The show American Dance Party have judges that vote on the best contestants to get to the next round.
florida is larger than ohio
If you get up early you cannot go to bed late.
Having checkups every month by your doctor has the ability to save you money on your medical bills.
The truth is capable of causing violence.
Detroit has the bragging rights to Motown.
Cars cannot legally drive over a double solid line in the road.
A Friar's Club roast causes hurt feelings in its target, by design
Russia controls USA in order to assist Israel defeat Iran 
Danger signs are usually coloured in blue
A person named Daniel cannot be a girl
Flood sometimes has positive impact
sometimes a rowboat will sink to the bottom of the lake
Some places on the Earth can have temperatures below zero  degrees Kelvin.
Few people enjoy anchovies on their pizza.
The United Kingdom is slightly smaller than Oregon.
A waitress is capable of violence.
A succulent plant can survive without any care in most climates
A tornado can do a lot of damage.
Sometimes when you are fishing it can be for compliments.
are the dimensions of NBA basketball courts in different buildings all the same size as one another
after you open a door with lock can you go back through the door again
profit is smaller than zero for a large company
Beginning a sentence with 'No two people has' is incorrect grammar.
Aunt is closest person in your family after mother
Estate has state within it.
at least one line is used to make a t
If you stuff a turkey before Thanksgiving in 2009, then you have stuffed it after Christmas in 2008.
Opening a can requires a tool.
Pinocchio was not honest and that is why he has such a big nose.
A kitchen generally has an oil wrench in a drawer
A Kraft single is capable of being cooked and eaten in its edible packaging
Package is a song by korean artist
New York can be a city, state or country
japan can hunt whales for research purposes
Entertainment One is at least one of many media companies owned by Hasbro.
Conservative and liberal are in this order in the dictionary.
A boy is always a boy.
Short Circuit is a 1986 American documentary film.
Changing a letter in the word novel makes the word the same as a belly button.
In Microsoft Word, the default font is larger than 14.
Does one medium soda always fill the same size as two large
You never forget a frightening experience.
A toy is made by a machine.
Costa Rica abolished its military in 1958
The joker makeup from the movie The Dark Knight is known as the Glasgow smile
A parent gave birth to a child
Humans are able to live without food for a week.
A boat will never crash because only cars can crash.
Every stream has hydrogen in it.
A perfectly round circle can have a radius of less than two inches.
As a waitress, my job is to cook food in a restaurant kitchen
A minister cannot perform a wedding underwater.
The youngest person to graduate college is Australian Michael Kearney.
Trust must have at least two letter t's to be spelled correctly. 
One of the most important qualities of a good wheel is that it is nearly perfectly round in shape.
Gardens cannot grow chickens
Noise cannot be imperceptible.
If your school is at the exact top of a hill, and you walk there and back each day, then you can truly say that you have to walk uphill both ways, as the old saying goes
All champagne is made with potatoes
When talking about the mask faces in theater most people always say Tragedy after Comedy.
All people pass wind.
Part of an orange is called the core.
If you hit someone, you will go to jail
Mystery and master are ordered like this alphabetically.
You can become an engineer only after you graduate
Sometimes the best tea is the tea grown in the south china sea.
delight cannot be bought
Most people understand how software works
Getting presents is the whole point of Christmas period
a spoon can be used to dig a tunnel very slowly
a hungry hungry hippo is capable of eating marbles
a cabin can be wood but never tile
Russia cannot become the smallest country in the world
A surprise causes the surprised person to become momentarily startled or it cannot be considered a surprise.
A person is considered a dad because they are a father of a child.
Branch is usually bigger than main office
You need to always separate eggs from the shell when baking a cake.
Bananas can emit a tiny amount of radiation. 
People always end up dead eventually
Purity starts with the letter V
Shelter is one of the five levels on Maslow's hierarchy of needs.
A fox is actually smaller than a hen house
If John has ten million dollar net worth and marries a penniless girl without any debt, it is a valid assumption that the couple will be worth millions.
Luck is sometimes associated with the Scottish,
You cannot get blood from a turnip.
A prison can be the same size as a hospital.
grave is another word for serious
a plastic tool can rust before it is exposed to salt water 
Cave is the name of a place in Iowa and Kansas.
Most employers include health insurance as a benefit for their full time employees. 
Haifa is the third-largest city in Israel
Jimmy Butler plays on the Miami Heat
part of reading books on a kindle is scribbling notes in the margin 
Bible is the most sold book
Dead is smaller than deadly.
some countries in europe are the same size as some states in the US 
Employees can make a report which is better than supervisor's
While it would be frowned upon in a bar, hitting bottles with a baseball sometimes causes someone to win a teddy bear in a carnival
The smaller the forest the shorter the trees.
A person is capable of earning extra wages by being a nice employee.
Cleveland can be funny in family guy
done in this order it goes resort hotel airbnb in terms of size from big to small
If you are beat, you always must have lost. 
Using standard American kitchen measurements, sixteen cups is larger than half a gallon
A server is an employee of a restaurant but not a worker
Apparatus has exactly ten letters.
Most countries have higher mortality rate than the USA
If you are using cash as the means of paying the exact amount of a thirty-five cent road toll, one coin would be the same size as the other
When a person is singing, their mouth appears larger than normal. 
poems must rhyme
a tool is used often before it is damaged and thrown away 
Beat It by Michael Jackson has a guitar solo by Eddie Van Halen.
Partner is larger than pan.
Connecticut is part of americas
A mature pine tree is capable of producing fruit
Practice is larger than practical.
No two streams are the same size as each other.
You have to come to a conclusoin
A hill cannot be larger than a mountain
A bed has arms
If you see a mouse from far away, it will look the same size as a pizza.
There are many normal kids with four legs just like their mothers.
When you have a cold you will always have certain symptoms every time.
If you solve a crossword puzzle correctly, you end up with exactly one solution.
Vicki Lawrence played Eunice in all the Mama's Family episodes.
Interest rates are almost never any lower than one basis point.
Cleveland cavaliers have none NBA championships
eHarmony uses 39 dimensions of compatibility
all members of congress have hair
When one wants a genie to arise from a lamp one rubs the lamp because that is how Aladdin did it.
Slavery in the US was one of the causes of the civil war which killed 650,000 people.
Do you usually lay a brick in a wall after applying the mortar
Michigan has exactly one capital city that is not Detroit.
Latchkey children are known for getting home from school before their parents get home from work.
in surgery, a TKR is a Tertiary Knee Refinement
There is only one city named New Orleans in the USA.
Most art becomes more valuable after the artist dies.
kidney stones are larger than gravel stones
no more than two partners are needed to play a game of chess 
Everything old has once been new.
at least one variant of christianity was invented in the 1900s
Beauty causes health issues
Stage and sea are done in this order alphabetically.
Fact is that people can be same size as giraffes
The European architecture has a rich history and during the medieval era it produced structures like St. Peter's Basilica. 
Fame is a word with same number of vowels and consonants
A box is a one-dimensional object. 
The character Wilson is a human stranded on the island along side Tom Hanks' character in the movie Castaway.
no two people can have the same name
trevor lawrence is capable of winning the national championship for alabama
This is done in this order, drink, drink, drink, sick.
dark matter came before light matter
Carbon is a place in Texas and Iowa.
Every corn row should be the same size as the others
a house is a lot larger than a dog house
You reach for the door handle after getting in the car.
a lost dog or cat can wander home after many years missing
poverty almost always affects everybody earning less than 20000 a year 
A one way street can go two ways
guilt before innocence is part of our legal system
Tiger woods has won many competitions in chess.
Man's basic needs are in this order: shelter, clothing, food
Komodo dragons are extinct
Fine Particles, smaller than 25000 microns per inch, affect humans by increasing rates of acute bronchitis.
A contagious disease affects all members of a household.
tiny movements in the eyeball of a child can be seen with the help of a magnifying glass
Missouri is after California in the alphabet
Telephone comes after Telegraph in the full name of AT&T
Every layer has a different flavor in cake
Stabbing to death a police officer is a misdemeanor in Hawaii.
the characteristic of mickey mouse makes him the same size as goofy almost even though goofy is a dog
Almost never does tragedy occur unpredicted
French fries originated in Belgium
a company stock almost never stays the same value
Covid-19 diseases have a death rate larger than that of a flu. 
An alternator always fires in exactly the same sequence.
King Charles spaniels were originally bred to be the same size as King Charles.
The rear window of a car is capable of being bulletproof. 
Eating has grown into an extreme sport. 
You use a car jack because you need to change your tire.
The number of babies being born on planet earth is getting smaller than ever, year after year.
Change in weight is larger than 25 lbs a month for most people
A factory can relocate itself
If you blow out a candle you can get germs on the cake.
Goodread is part of the Amazon-owned companies.
Alhough paper cuts are normally smaller than other types of cuts, they hurt more because they don't bleed much and the nerves are exposed to air.
Atomic matter is smaller than molecular matter.
In twenty-four hour period starting at midnight, dawn comes before dusk.
nurses requires at least one certificate
a circuit will always have electricity
At least two types of wood are needed to build a home
a connection is almost always positive
hay is capable of causing fever dreams
A janitor's job almost never involves  a closet.
Telephone was invented by bell as a part of his research. 
Part of an intervention program could be educational, prison sentences, stronger policies or a health promotion campaign.
Touch screens became part of Xerox's commercially available products in the 1980s.
Communist China is larger than Alaska
Some people need less rest than others to be alert.
Thin is a word for fat
Dippin' Dots were invented in the 1980s
At least 20 of the students must join for there to be a student union
A lamp is larger than a pin.
Food almost always goes to waste
June comes before December.
If you drop your phone it will break
Getting an extension on the mortgage is always expensive.
City hall is never open on weekends
There are normal kids who have four legs.
Bad before midnight is a song by the UK artist
Most researchers are passionate about their work.
Manchester united has more fans in the world than manchester city
a hospital ER is a good place to get a tooth cleaned
Because there is no pizza on the menu, you can not order it 
General is higher than deputy
Resting can happen while standing up.
Most flames can be put out by depriving them of oxygen.
Giraffes have no vocal chords
In soccer, a goal is achieved in this order: get the ball into the goal, kick the ball.
The Buick Super debuted in 1940
New york city is also known as the city that never wakes
If there are five equations with six unknowns, it is impossible to solve them.
Employers check references before firing someone.
a client is a sophisticated word for a customer service rep
When you talk over a problem, it is a major step to solving it.
Making a list of Thomas Edison's most famous inventions could be done in this order: the light bulb, the movie camera, the telephone, and the gramophone
Hitting bottles smaller than a house is hard
The Late Late Show with James Corden (also known as Late Late) is an American late-night talk show and part of the lineup on NBC.
If I Were a Rich Man is a song that's part of Fiddler on the Roof and sung by Zero Mostel in the movie.
the opera Fidelio was originally written in Latin
The devils used in devil's food cake should all be about the same size.
exactly two matches are required to burn the wicks of two candles
No two people have same characteristics
Authors can not be actors
after the stock market crash in 2008 was a bad time to buy stocks because the prices were inflated 
Class lectures are almost never given indirectly.
Sunrise is ordered like this - night, stars, dawn.
At least two of Huey Newton's three laws are commonly taught in physics classes
Thin Lizzy rock band was called the Shamrocks before.
Mesopotamia was around before dinosaurs.
Players need to carefully arrange the houses on the board before starting a new game of Monopoly
First cannot come before third
At least two people per day click on trojan virus
Architecture is never seen underwater.
Put on clothes, get in shower; done in this order is a poor idea.
All things burn when set on fire
Would the steps taken by a grocery store's night crew usually be ordered like this: clean the floors, stock the shelves, open the doors for customers
McAlister family from Home Alone movie has 2 kids
the middle east can be considered culturally closer to north africa than asia
An engine can be the same size as a planet.
When making a driveway, mud is poured and it dries into concrete.
There are at least two official currencies in the United Kingdom
Neutrons are part of a circuit.
The exterior wall facing the back yard usually has the house number on it
When most men dress up, they wear a suit.
Sometimes a musical instrument plays itself.
No two tides are of the same size as each other.
anybody is capable of beating an AI at chess
Breakfast is called breakfast because it ends a fast.
The engine of a vehicle is almost always a combustible engine.
Closing your eyes sometimes help improve your listening ability.
Part of march is traditionally spent marching.
Does part of photographers tool kit contain duct tape
treasury bonds are not guaranteed by state governments
Stores almost never close for Black Friday.
An electron holds a positive charge.
Mass is part of volume.
Players usually take a shower after playing their sport but that has been eliminated during the pandemic.
A match almost never spontaneously ignites. 
Needle is almost never used to cut meat
The software company Red Hat was named after the baseball cap that Forrest Gump sometimes wears in the movie
the world trade center was the tallest building in the world in 1999 because nothing else was taller
Standing in line cannot be hard for impatient peoplel
Dance almost never involves a human and a dog.
You cannot enter Korea without a passport.
Games are done in this order: pick out the game, play the game, put away the game
a sword is sharper than a scalpel 
Beats cannot be worn on your head
a student can almost never teach later in life
In winter few blades of leaf are on evergreen trees.
seventh guest is a puzzle computer game
January has less days than February. 
After people get rich, they always have lots of money.
the adams family is smaller than the brady bunch
A lawyer is capable of sentencing someone
Guy Fawkes is traditionally burned in effigy after sunset on November 5th
Pleasure cannot have pain
A baby can run after balls.
in history done in this order the civil war came before world war two
"Cool Hand Luke" is a 1967 science fiction movie.
A swamp cannot be a part of a desert.
People who go out on dates are almost always single.
the space shuttle columbia has never crashed
At least two out of every seven people in the United States, lives in poverty.
In chess a bishop is capable of moving to any space surrounding it on the board.
You must attempt to take exactly one step at the very least in order to trip and fall.
Although they sang "Sweet Home Alabama," Georgia is actually the home state of the original line-up of Lynyrd Skynyrd
The number of cards in a standard poker deck without jokers is a multiple of 26.
A date can be used to make cookies and other baked goods.
Traveling is a turnover in basketball
You can not submit a medical device to the FDA until after all the tests have been run and their conditions have been met for safety. 
Can South Dakota fit inside texas
After you are introduced to someone you should include them in future plans.
nurses use personal sick days to take care of sick people at work
A focus puller is capable of joining the cinematographers' guild
Anybody is capable of cooking
Victory is a catch phrase of Johnny Drama
South Carolina is right below North Carolina
A picture of Hamilton can be seen on the face of a dollar bill
Almost always they close schools before midnight each day.
The first film in the Santa Clause film series, it stars Allen Arkin as Scott Calvin, an ordinary man who accidentally causes Santa Claus.
Rocks can always be halved
a pepper mill can be filled with coarse salt
audience is name of the song by British rapper
A book has 2 covers because one is the front of the book and one is the back of the book
When nucleus and nutrition are done in this order, they are in abc order.
Devon is a character in big mouth
Darkness is the absence of sound.
September always comes after the month that commemorates the US independence from Britain.
An airline should be, and is capable of rapidly and competently deploying a fit for purpose Humanitarian Assistance Team (HAT) at time of major crisis.
the word barbeque is a loan word from the Spanish language of the Caribbean
The state with the most percentage of workers represented by unions is Hawaii.
A new t-shirt always has at least four holes
Working can cause you to lose money
Sea level cannot be lower than ground level because ground level is as low as the ground goes.
The stock market almost always goes up over time.
The Peace symbol is almost never mistaken for a Mercedes Benz emblem, because the former was in use before the auto-maker was even formed
texas instruments is capable of calculus
When you eat you can take a nap afterwards.
sunlight causes almost all skin cancer
'Beer Goggles' is a type of glasses.
A comet is part of a star
is a bible the best selling book
Babe Ruth was already playing professional baseball before the Baby Ruth candy bar was introduced
"The Terminal" is about an Eastern European tourist, part of a large entourage, who unexpectedly finds himself stranded in LGA airport, and must take up temporary residence there.
A low value stock has capital that is smaller than a stock with a higher value.
An audio file is always smaller than a video file of the same length. 
Cancer cannot always be curred.
The song Don't Look Back in Anger can be found on the Oasis album Definitely Maybe.
It is important to take your daily shower before you exercise, otherwise your workout clothes will pick up odors
sometimes competing against an AI is harder than a human
Battlefield tanks are never designed to be amphibious.
A cabinet is always a furniture.
the terminal has Tom Hanks in it
traveling causes fatigue 
A visitor to a foreign country will never be able to vote in their elections.
You can have a broken bone and not feel any pain.
Is it true that lists ordered like this (carefully) are accurate
A clerk is a person, never a robot.
Reading a book does not always result in a feeling of pleasure and relaxation.
Filling out their own forms is a common occurrence for preschoolers.
Germany is a state
All organs need to be present for one to live.
A chocolate box is capable of containing a variety of apples.
A court can contain both a gavel and a ball
A slap in the face is a way two men could challenge each other to a duel.
Kansas is bigger than portugal
Although they greatly resemble wolves, Siberian Huskies were actually dingoes before they were domesticated
all columns have stone
T.S. Lawrence has always been known as Lawrence of Arabia since birth.
AI has some value
Someone with a loyalty card is capable of getting a discount at a competing grocery store
sometimes moscow is in the EU
If you are in charge of people, you need to be strict
Usually the number of doctors working at a hospital is smaller than the number of nurses. 
forest has three vowels in it.
As with most newspapers, a Sports section can be found in the Wall Street Journal, along with the weather
A stream cannot flow uphill.
when in public you can dance in the streets
My Pledge is a song by Neil Young that appears on his 2016 Storytone album.
a woman has to push in order to give birth
Skipping stones is almost always easier on dry land.
Arizona bay is part of the pacific Ocean. 
A kitchen is part of an igloo.
You shouldnt add hay to a hayride before giving someone a ride 
Boston marathon is a running, cycling and swimming event.
Combat has to include weapons.
Slavery was ordered like this: bring slaves from Africa, enslave them, emancipate them
Charcoal can be used to make a fire and draw.
A basketball goal is smaller than a soccer goal
Ants have a capillary. 
an acquaintance does not have an influence on one's life larger than their close friend
Sometimes portraits are of trees
violence is part of peaceful protests
You can see the movie at a hall only after you cross the entrance.
After you use your sword, it is safe to put it in the hilt
There are 8 protons in an oxygen atom
You cannot ride on top of a car down the highway.
a written address shows the zip code before the street name
It is difficult for most immigrants to obtain a visa to enter the united states. 
people sometimes sit on their hands
Play after eating can make you sick.
The Suez Canal passage has allowed ships to go from the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea.
Low is a point of elevation
mature is a rock band from sweden
Saltwater is a chemistry solution because it combines water and salt. 
A wig usually goes on your head after your hat .
California is the largest state via population in the USA
Luke Skywalker almost never uses a sword made of light.
The world has seen negative interest rates.
the bedroom of a house is usually never smaller than the bathroom
Japan is part of the United Nations
An evil person is mean.
Kentucky became the 15th state to join the union in 1792
Babe Ruth's first name is George
You can find the name of an element from the periodic table in a list of albums released by the rock band whose name was simply "Live"
Writing a thank you note is done in this order - express appreciation, locate paper and pen, mail card.
Winning a million dollar lottery does not result in a million dollars in your bank account.
The month of March got its name because it is popular for parades.
Moscow is smaller than capital of USA.
A tiny speaker is capable of making very loud sounds.
A domain name always needs to end with an extension.
Los Angeles has had at least one earthquake registering more than 7 on the Richter scale since August 2019.
Charlestown is a town in the UK
follow has the same size as kiss in letter count
In English writing, a proper sentence can only end with one of three different punctuation marks
A passage almost never gets memorized
An item for sale has a discounted price.
A bird is capable of taking a bath.
Problems in one part of town mean there will be problems in other parts of the town as well.
A single-cell organism almost always reproduces asexually
Almost never is a TV series starting in 2019
America's First Lady was named Nancy for most of the nineteen eighties
In a controlled experimental situation, when water evaporates, it sometimes splits into oxygen and hydrogen.
taste buds are larger than atoms
An Aunt is a sister before being an aunt
A brazil nut is smaller than a coconut always.
New Balance sneakers are known for their sparse designs, with none of the lettering that you might see on other brands of athletic shoes
A storm will almost always end
October can not be 6th month of the year
A skilled cartoon artist is often employed to illustrate points in a presentation
People do not have to go to college to become nurses.
November always has a ton of leaves falling off the trees. 
Some people have a six finger
Cider can only be made from fermented apples
When writing in permanent ink, a mistake can be crossed out and fixed on the next line
Roosters lay eggs.
most people don't believe facts because they don't take time to do the research
The Normans, who invaded and conquered England in 1066, spoke French
you do not need to use all of your attention when driving
The Suez Canal was still open for business after the Panama Canal was built
You cannot beat a record by performing to a slightly lower standard than the existing holder.
Marie Curie Avenue. (M20) The former Exterior or Marginal Street along the East River from 53rd to 80th Streets was renamed Marie Curie Avenue in 1935. It is now part of the Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive.
Nurse comes before most alphabetically. 
A horse is capable of emotion
Lawrence Fishbourne is larger than Tom Cruise.
It's always best to apply a little grease before installing a wheel bearing.
Sometimes Oregon has beautiful greenery in  its forest lands.
To drive a car, it must have fuel before you press the gas pedal.
humor means sad.
If you taught the command "run after ball" to your faithful golden retriever, he or she is capable of retrieving said ball while you are bowling or playing basketball
CH4 is the chemical symbol for butane
terminal means beginning
remember is a noun
a dad cannot give birth
January has the most depression admissions in phycological clinics. 
Some people do not sleep at all
One is a number that comes before zero.
Numbers are the same as letters.
You become president after getting impeached
Gas is always capable of turning into liquid under high pressure.
Alan B. Shepard Jr. walked on the moon before James B. Irwin.
The notes on a piano are ordered like this: C, D, E, F, G, A, B.
summer school is always out of session in the summer
An airplane must increase its lift before it lands.
Bike seat is larger than a laptop.
Cream come from a horse
Toes and fingers are both part of a person's feet.
The music scale is capable of sound
The word 'gold' always starts with the letter g, has the letters o and l in the middle, and ends with the letter d.
The 1994 movie Speed has a sequel that also starred Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves
The radius is never smaller than the diameter of the same circle
The density of oil and water is always smaller than the density of oil and brine.
In pirate stories, a capital T was often part of a treasure map, as that was used to mark the spot where loot was buried
A full tank of gas is capable of being the reason a car will not start.
Someone has to have had their thirty-fifth birthday before they can become president in the United States
Our sleep cycle at night is ordered like this: Drowsy, REM, Light Sleep, Deep Sleep and Moderate Sleep.
Its smart to use painters tape when painting the boarder of a room because then you wont have to fix your mistakes later 
A quarter is smaller than a dollar coin.
Running cannot make you feel hungry
a chicken has at least two of a breast
Mercury is approximately same size as venus
Any watch ever made can tell time and the date.
Most material from recycled shoes is rubber from other shoes because it is the most elastic material.
Prisoners on death row will get exactly one meal that they can choose before their date.
Your hair is made out of proteins that is identical to those in your fingernails.
A blocked extra point cannot be returned for points.
Electrons are smaller than mesons.
Playing card K is larger in value than A
Should stacking the plates after washing them be done in this order: large plates on the bottom, then smaller plates on top
a half gallon of milk is larger than a half gallon of water
Enthusiasm is capable of getting you fired
the air holds none of the water on the planet
To start cars these days, you do not need to put the keys into the ignition after you get inside.
an ear of corn is larger than a pineapple
Bones have been used in spiritual practices by all different cultures.
Water is a solid object at below zero temperature.
At least two vegetables are needed to make juice.
Door can always be either pushed or pulled
A cable technician is capable of cutting holes in your wall.
A knife always cuts deeper than a needle.
If listed in descending order by the average number that you would expect to find in a classroom, the groups of people would be ordered like this: teachers first, then students
A stretch can never have the same effect as a yawn.
shoulder comes before took in the dictionary
Frozen bread grows moldy after a while.
To have a royal flush in poker, at least one card needs to be an ace.
Vice president is usually part of board of directors
A tree causes rain water to better reach the stream in the subterranean region.
a flat side is capable of being round
spot cleaning a floor is part of the duties of maids of honor 
Your mom cannot be married to your dad.
The end of the book is after the table of contents.
A little bit of arsenic before bed will help you sleep.
Psychology Today once posted an article claiming all pain is psychological.
the end of a baseball bat is larger than the handle
A jumping bean is called that because jump ropes can be made from the plant.
If something is sphere, it is often considered as a circle object.
In an accident, model T car is capable of deploying air bags.
Starving people gain lots of pounds over the holidays.
Dry ice is nitrogen.
a jury will deliberate after a verdict
An American family who has moved to Melbourne is capable of celebrating their traditional November Thanksgiving dinner in a spring month
A beach ball will change size as it is filled with gas, but a scuba tank will remain the same size as it was when it was empty
Part of golf is trying to get a higher point total than others.
The human body is capable of sneezing and laughing at the same time.
If you see one rat, there are always more nearby.
A chain consists of at least one link.
You can't bowl 300 exactly.
Neighbors who know exactly everything you do would probably be minding their own business.
Milk cannot spoil, it always is OK to drink.
Noon is sometimes before lunch
bus can carry stuff
"The Prisoner" is a track on Iron Maiden's acclaimed album Powerslave
To an artist, a canvas is anything that draws your interest.
Some people do not wear ties because it feels like they are being choked.
war cannot have a tie
Someone who has served two terms as U.S. president cannot run for that same office again.
smoke is the source of fire
Planes, Trains and Automobiles is a movie starring John Martin.
Before buttons, some phones had square, rotary dials.
The smoothness of an orange is capable of confusing people for a peach.
Books with biographies are smaller than novels.
In the first two seasons of the fictional TV series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", a pulse cannot be detected on Willow's boyfriend because he is indeed a vampire
A crystal decanter can enhance the flavor of wine before serving, due to oxygen in the air
Rhinoceros are part of the Eocene era
numbers in front of the decimal point are larger than the numbers after a decimal point
In this order, juice is processed as such: juice is extracted from fruit then the fruit picked from a tree.
Shade cannot contain shadows.
paint is always wet
a bell can help a cow get lost
an eye of a hurricane can never have winds as strong as the eye wall
It is important to drain the fluid from an engine before taking a trip
If you add 4 and 5 together, the resulting number is the same size as the product of 3 and 3.
Sleeping has no set time limit
The table of contents is a chapter in most books.
executives sometimes make a million times more than workers 
Lying is a thing people do all the time.
Most brands of instant coffee can be purchased either as whole beans or as an already ground product
Some of the famous cities in Australia include Sydney, Melbourne, and London.
continue is alt band from sweden
The term a glass ceiling is a reference to a real, physical thing.
vehicle is both a noun and verb
Painter cannot become CEO
A person cannot use their foot to write.
in a dictionary, words are ordered like this: night, nurse, nobody, now
A gymnast can do back flips easily.
A volcano can give birth to an island in the sea.
A host can be the same size as its parasite.
a cut cannot become infected after it heals
A paper lunch bag has never been used as a toy.
All animals dream before they wake up.
A male seahorse cannot give birth.
At least two people are needed to be parents, one is a father.
If a book gathers too much dust, it can become impossible to lift.
Space is mostly explored
The blood of a horseshoe crab is almost never red
There are exactly three floors in the Eiffel Tower
Alcohol almost always makes you throw up when consumed.
A human is typically capable of eating using a mouth in his or her head.
In order for a population to grow, you need at least two members of the same species.
roads are usually smaller than streets
The number of days in the week is seven. 
After development began on Dogger Bank Wind Farm, no one cared about the rails anymore. 
Cows that were born 6 weeks ago are now larger than their mothers.
Viewed from Earth, the moon and the sun look the same size as one another in the sky.
You make the bed ordered like this: blankets, pillows, sheets.
An ounce of fluid weighs the same size as half an ounce of a solid.
Neighbors cannot legally share wifi passwords
A smaller than normal sail will catch more wind for a boat.
Chicken is good source of carbohydrates
Lead is never lighter than air.
You must enter the brainstem through the back during surgeries because it is the easiest and safest route to prevent paralysis. 
When a person is driving over the speed limit, they cannot be surprised when they are pulled over by a US Marshal.
Stop signs causes increased deceleration.
The office is originally a US tv show,
An initial cannot include a number.
some holes of a golf course are par 19
Food is always a part of dinner.
You cannot catch a flu in 2021
fingernails always grow  faster than toenails
A trapdoor in a floor often leads to the attic.
empty is a six letter word
Of all items, the heaviest one is capable of sinking.
Having dogs can cause people with depression to have lesser symptoms or at best, be cured. 
A radius is always twice the height minus three times the width squared.
If you had three bakers' dozen donuts, you would have a few less pastries than the expected thirty six
At least two humans have orbited Mars.
a pizza always has flour
Addition is done in this order - one equals one plus two.
A very large piece of very heavy metal cannot float on water.
Part of the benefits of a course for school is that you will get money for completing it
A prison that is not capable of keeping in prisoners would be the best prison to send your friend that you want to escape.
an ice cream cone can be made with sugar from beets
The feel of a snake has scales.
The summer before last came after this last winter 
Medicine can cure cancer
Bring is a noun
some people don't seem to mind not breathing for an hour
In this order: Princeton, Harvard, Ohio State, the third school is considered an Ivy League school.
Failing a final exam is a sure way to flunk a course.
You cannot withdraw American dollars from most ATMs in Paris 
A dog on ground is smaller than in water
You can see some light from ten feet under the water
A senior is someone that can only be very old. Seniors can never be used as a term for younger people. 
It is impossible for a nerve ending in the human anatomy to stop working.
You must wash off part of the bleach stain to get it off your clothes.
you can reach cuba from miami by boat in 10 hours  
it is hard to almost never breathe and stay alive
can a human jump over a life-sized paper airplane
A verb can never be a noun.
a chapter in a book is larger than the introduction
Newspapers can be useful in cleaning windows, without leaving streaks behind.
thick gray skin is part of a rhinoceros
A foot is larger than 14 inches
The term eye bags refer to a bag to put eyes
Only paper can be used to make books.
bears cannot make honey
a full bed is larger than a queen
The summer solstice is the day that has the most light from the sun.
The number of days in the eighth month of year is smaller than that of two months back
The seventh inning stretch is for baseball players to get limber.
The edge of the world is a sudden drop off.
A crown has jewels.
The surface of Mars is hotter than the Earth because it is bigger and attracts more heat from the sun.
Washer fluid in newer cars can be refilled automatically  
You must complete you education before you can start work.
A policeman is capable of taking a person's license and can also issue one.
The phrase larger than life is talking about really big animals.
When you have none, finding a good battery is a bad thing.
There are a few beaches with blue sand.
a maids job is cleaning clothes but not cleaning dishes
you should brush your teeth before drinking a soft drink
Most high rise buildings have windows that cannot be opened. 
Ice crystals will never melt in sub zero weather.
The liberty bell is cracked
Question marks sometimes go before, sometimes after, closing quotation marks.
The moon with the Rebel base in the first Star Wars movie was part of the Endor system
A smoke detector is a luxury that not many can afford.
An egg is always rounded.
cutting against the grain of the meat causes the cleanest cut of meat
The strength of a man's arms usually is capable of crushing an unopened beer can
A brother sometimes has a sister.
the top of a can is square
You must travel on the road to get between destinations.
Some kids have to have tubes put in their ears because their manufacturer forgot them.
Birth of a Nation was part of the first decade of so-called talkies, or films that had sound and spoken dialog
every computer has a mouse
Company branches are smaller than main offices
Your back cannot support a ton of weight. 
Is it true that steel tubes cannot be bent
History is that many families moved west to settle in San Francisco during the gold rush in 1875.
women almost never urinate standing up
If the ground is capable of caving in, it will not be able to be repaired.
You need religion because it guides you
It is a theory that insects can not increase their mass because there is too much carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, which interferes with the respiration and causes them to shrink in size.
When using a pencil one should always cover it in pen after finishing.
You should close the trunk after you lock it.
The second to last amendment of the U.S. constitution states that citizens have the right to bear arms.
A bird has 3 wings.
There is at least one extra item in a baker's dozen.
crystal is a character in the show dynasty
A rail gun was part of the original Quake video game
A verb smaller than four letters is called a tiny verb.
The right side of your brain is not roughly the same size as the left. 
Your mom cannot be a man
A sugar daddy is a man who got rich as part of a sugar plantation.
Airplanes are an important part of all travel.
In football the top division almost always contains the same clubs.
you reach the bottom of the bag after eating half the chips
To be named April one must have been born in April.
Every animal has at least one leg
some chess queens are red
"One" is a song from the LA metal band that are famous for their untitled black album
A room must have at least two escape methods, a door and a window.
Pounds can give away animals.
Guests have to knock usually because they don't have a key.
A truck cannot pull a car behind it on the freeway.
Some trees on earth are one million feet tall.
Frosty the snowman is capable of waiting for the summer before melting.
Using a towel to dry yourself after a shower actually causes that object to become more wet
Plus cannot be minus.
Police officers always follow traffic laws and drive safely unless they are targeting a violator. 
The word revolution comes after evolution in abc order.
sometimes a son is older than a father
All meals served on flights must always be pre-loaded in advance.
Jenson Button is a two time world champion in F1
Adults in England almost never add salt to their afternoon tea.
Living is before most alphabetically.
Pennies on a train track are part of what makes a train move
August can never be first month of the year
After cars and planes became popular for transportation, the only way to ride the rails in the US is on an Amtrak train.
A painter can use clay to make their paintings.
Most dogs are smaller than cats
Football competition format is capable of being changed during the event
Inner tubes are part of the very latest and most expensive mountain bikes.
is a toyota tacoma truck larger than a toyota prius 
Religion is a man made concept
The office is capable of making people laugh.
Scottish haggis has traditionally been served in a sheep's lung
Tarot cards are interesting because they are actually magic.
Polio can paralyze a person's lungs.
At least two marbles can fit inside a human's cheek.
Ice can never melt unless temperature rises above 0C
Matchbox cars are larger than Micro Machines
At least one mayor is not a man.
When you cut two pieces of pie the same size as each other, they will taste different.
branches of a family tree are something that is capable of being sawed off
If you pass someone who is in second place, you will be in second place because there is still someone ahead of you.
Every phrase has a complete sentence.
buffalo wings always get a person messy
An Mastercard credit card is sometimes smaller than an AMEX credit card.
Tools can have many uses and some tools have no use at all.
April cannot have more days than May. 
In the following list, there are at least two items that can be found in a dining hall: tables, aliens, bears, a lunch menu.
No two oceans are of the same size as each other.
At a beachfront store, payment in sand dollars is accepted.
a copy can say different things than the original
all clothes cannot fit all people
When there is an abundant supply of housing, home buyers would sometimes bid for a home at a higher price.
Falling off the cliff guarantees you death
The left arm muscle is capapble of lifting a tree.
Half and Half gets its name because it has roughly half the fat of whole milk
Captain kirk is part of star wars.
The adult human body has over 9 trillion nerves.
All salmon swim up river for reproductive purposes.
Some believe your enemy should be part of the people you keep close to you.
North pole is part of south pole
Doing a puzzle is done in this order:  complete edges, find same colors, place pieces.
Instructions should be followed in all cases
Bear has two legs.
A period is the same size as the little dot at the bottom of an exclamation point.
A century has two hundred years.
A border is exactly where things are meant to end
Singing long extended notes is part of the staccato style of singing. 
Going to a shop causes you to spend money 
Pocket usually has holes
A sphere causes rectangles.
A family cannot have less than two people. 
Scientists now believe a disease of the joint causes Osteoarthritis rather than the wearing down of the joints over time.
Seats are always larger in business class
large shirts fit loosely on small people
You should push the button before the elevator moves.
When washing clothes things are usually done in this order clothes are prewashed then dried then treated for spots then re washed.
Text word is made up of two letters.
"The Neighbors" is a TV show from Australia that debuted in 1985.
The presidential mountains are part of the Northern bound route on the Appalachian Trail.
Most islands are capable of floating away.
Led lights almost always cause people pain in the eyes
To defeat the alien in the movie "Signs", Tom Hanks had to spill alcohol on the aliens, which causes them to have extreme burns and melt.
Smoke cannot rise
Every movie is directed by someone
Prisoners are same size as regular people
Cheek has the same number of letters as check.
You can never return just a part of a book to the store.
The Curiosity rover on Mars can still operate during the administration of America's forty-sixth President
Shadows appear most visible in the absence of light
the table of contents comes after the index
an arch can be a circle
The seasons are ordered like this: winter, spring, summer and fall.
guests are counted after they arrive
The national anthem is sung before the athletes leave the locker room for the field
a Mechanic that can fix a Ford will usually have no trouble fixing  a Ferrari 
A painter can sometimes paint things without them being considered art
the letter before z is a.
A ruler cannot measure mass.
A negative charge in atoms can mean that they have fewer than 8 valence electrons. 
A sail on a sailboat is there because that is how the boats are identified when on the ocean.
You can settle down any place you want as long as you take all the legal steps
The stem to the bean plant in Jack and the Beanstalk is normal in size. 
All eggs in a dozen will equal 12 eggs.
The rapper who sang with the rock group Body Count has the stage name Ice Nine, which was taken from a Vonnegut novel
You can drink water out of a cereal bowl
There is no phrase that does not contain vowels.
Churchill was an arch rival of Eisenhower.
A waiter will never sit on the table while taking your food order. 
Circles is a song by romanian artist
education is important because the teacher has to have a job
Part of this century was production of cars
The contents of a food product are listed on its package but some are like a foreign language to many people.
A disk has five letters.
Pluto is a planet and not considered a dwarf object.
slip is smaller than slipper in number of letters
You can light a few candles when you go to a temple.
July in Australia is almost always cold.
Minivans almost always have sliding doors on the sides and the rear of the vehicle
Actors guild is a membership only body.
Spain fought America because of bad blood between the two countries.
Branches are smaller than main offices
A chain cannot be made of paper.
Material can be used to make clothing and construction materials are no exception. 
Most countries export olives
Did Julia Roberts star in the Sound of Music
A throat can run.
Some islands occur in ponds.
There is an expression, the tables have turned, and it means that its time to go to bed.
The ground floor of the Empire State Building is larger than the top floor
Ice cream can be 1000 degrees hot.
Just as in chess, there is always at least one king on the board (or, more correctly, there is one on each side) at the beginning of a game of checkers
the answer to 5 plus 10 times 10 comes before the number 100 on a list of numbers from small to large
You always need at least two matching shoes to wear at a party.
A three cylinder engine cannot generate more power than a 12 cylinder one.
Shadows can never be larger than the object.
A paper disc, mounted in a high-speed rotary tool, is capable of cutting wood.
A person who lives in Wisconsin is capable of farming grapefruit on their farm.
The movie Split released in 2016 is related to another superhero movie starring Bruce Willis.
the US and france both have independence day in the same month because july is when historical events happened that warrant celebrations 
Doctors can prescribe TV shows to watch instead of medicine.
A Sherpa is capable of climbing mountains like Everest without the need for supplementary oxygen.
A witness causes charges to be filed.
Driving at your car's maximum speed causes the police to come after you.
A podiatrist is a doctor that aids in the delivery of a baby.
Small insects never eat meat.
Most movie trailers are for features that last at least one hour
In the American high school system, you move on to become a senior only after you have completed your freshman and junior year.
The moon cannot change shapes
all red paint is red 
Plastic bags are larger than paper
You cannot have your stomach below your lungs. 
a period of 20 years is never longer than two decades
Every link on the internet can be clicked on
Snow is capable of killing a person.
In some locations, it sometimes stays dark for all 24 hours of the day.
tables and chairs are often sold after a restaurant closes down for the night
a witness cannot talk over a judge in a court room
If a child is at least two, or over twenty-four months most people start saying their age using a year.
chief executive salary is often larger than all other employees combined
Clothing is the same size as the wearer
You can't milk an ox that is the same size as a giraffe.
In "Back to the Future" Marty is capable of going back in time.
A child who loses a game is capable of being extremely happy.
A person has legs the same size as each other.
There is at least one example of human blood type in the following list: AC, AH, C, OH, BB
the water is part of every planet's eco-system
Ships always go to the graveyard because they are broken down into scrap metal.
A child's seat is always smaller than a regular car seat.
A root beer can get you drunk
liquid can turn to a solid in heat
if a tank is full it has no room for more gas
Does executive sometimes have less benefits than receptionist
Chicago is larger than boston
You cannot be born on February 29th on a leap year.
Princeton is the oldest Ivy League school.
Your feet are usually larger than the shoes you wear.
All bulls are male cows.
a girl is capable of being called peter
A loud, booming sound is always a part of every thunderstorm.
Reading the names of conveyances in a classic Candy and Martin movie should be done in this order: planes, trains, and then a formal name for cars
Even though the sun is a yellow dwarf, every other star in outer space appears to be much smaller than it when viewed from Earth
Text is pronounced same as it is spelled
Birth cannot come after death.
each person shares a brain
The strength of a building is greater before removing support beams.
A Christmas Story has a great scene with a pole.
decks of playing cards always have four suits
Does the sport boxing use a ball
Spain is larger than texas
Slowly falling pressure almost always reduces rain.
To an observer, a ball will look like it is capable of rolling up an incline on a so-called "gravity hill"
Most countries closed borders after covid
July is a winter season in Australia.
Most car accidents occur within 15 miles of home.
There are a few schools that allow adults to attend.
Heating up a liquid causes it to become a solid
dairy farms have many cows that produce soymilk
A person's initials are always done in this order: First name, middle name, last name.
The knees never touch the feet.
You can catch a cold before you come into physical contact with someone who has a cold.
Clothing is a song by the UK artist
the plus sign on a keyboard comes before the minus sign  
The camera on cell phones now are almost always on and recording. 
Shot glass is smaller than beer glass
Answer can be changed after you receive graded exam
Birds should have at least one license to fly.
Cast of harry potter is larger than cast of paranormal activity
In this order, actors are trained in acting, rehearse their lines, perform in the show, and are cast for the show.
Do people put a number before their names
Machines like calculators almost never make calculation errors.
A US dollar coin is smaller than a 50-cent piece.
at least one cow lives at every dairy farm
Some countries allows elections to remove their Kings and Queens from the monarchy to replace them with another family.  
The fall season is the same size as the spring season
Some candy can persuade a child to work harder.
Cleaning clothes is part of student life
Some magazines contain articles and pictures, while another kind of magazine contains bullets
a cavity is good for your oral health
Route or routine should be part of things you do without thinking
Some whole numbers cannot be expressed as a ratio of two numbers
In the southern hemisphere ducks almost always fly south for the winter.
Four Canadian quarters always add up to the same amount of money as one loonie
Throat is part of stomach
The ulna bone is located in the legs of humans.
If a piece of lead and a feather are falling thought vacuum, none will reach the bottom earlier. 
Stem can be part of a plant plus a type of prevention
Rice is a part of a low-carbohydrate diet.
A bicycle has two wheels but may contain four wheels with side stabilizers.
A body with no soul always doesn't fell pain.
at least one minute is needed for an hour
Air Supply is a soft rock duo consisting of English singer-songwriter and guitarist Graham Russell and Australian lead vocalist Russell Hitchcock. They had eight top-ten hits in the United States in the early 1990s.
Having a dry mouth is capable of making you crave salt water for nourishment.
Century is the same size as ninety plus ten.
And Then There Were None was a movie before it was a book
Shop is usually closed during the night because no one buys things at night
The radius of a square involves calculating pi.
A curtain rod has more than 2 ends sometimes
You will almost never see a baseball player without wearing a cap 
Hot water can kill most covid-19 virus to a certain degree.
A D battery is smaller than a AAA battery.
The Utah Jazz are better than the Los Angeles Lakers in 2021
The cost of a pack of cigarettes is almost always more in Australia than in the United States.
Liquid can turn into solid by melting it
Hypothesis usually comes in the main body of your work
Australia is a country, an island, and a continent but not a tectonic plate
A sister cannot have a twin sister who is born a year later.
All types of maps represent some form of geography.
A cap is only used for a head covering.
Go west after you leave Florida to get to Texas
ancient religion is a human practice of devotion to holy robes
Ships like the titanic almost always have enough lifeboats and life jackets for everyone on board 
A treasure map is usually unhelpful in finding an actual treasure.
An underage driver can drive by themselves before getting a license.
The mayor of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
It cannot be warm in the season of winter.
A magazine is made out of paper or metal.
Gold is a precious stone.
A bicycle is always upright.
A lion almost always hunts all day.
Boats always have a motor
sheets is capable of creating static sparks
A full moon can sometimes happen twice in a month and that is called a red moon.
Insects almost always can think their way out of danger.
Bread is still good to eat when it is moldy. 
Ashley madison was part of a court case.
Negative subtraction is a way to add.
The novel Howards End was part of Jane Austen's body of work as an author
Man is capable of  painting in MS Paint 
a wedding guest is capable of drinking all night without paying a dime
The STEM fields are usually favored by female students in the US
A few good men is about a trial.
None of the letters in the word cinema can be used in an anagram of iceman
A 2.5" 1 terabyte hard drive is larger in terms of capacity than a 3.5" 500 gigabyte hard drive.
If you add up all the seconds in a day, the result is more than 80,000.
Glass surface is smooth because it has been polished.
The radius of a circle is the same size as the circle itself
Some squares do not contain a right angle.
sandman often wears a striped shirt
A farmer always grows tomatoes
The final day of the year comes after the second to last day of the year
Fluid is exposed to freezing temperatures and then it becomes a solid, ordered like this.
Mom cannot legally give her child away
The cent figure comes before the dollar figure when denominations are written out.
The executive branch can pass laws before the bill reaches the legislative branch.
a bow has an arrow in it at all times
Beam and brain are in this order alphabetically.
Pound was used in europe before kilos
At least two dogs have been in outer space.
A sandwich shop punch card can be used for identification in some countries.
A shadow usually causes an object to be harder to see.
A neighbor has to live within 100 feet of your house.
Madison is a common male name
A person must join a team before becoming a teammate.
Knees smaller than normal means shorter legs.
A term is sometimes a period of time.
tomato Seeds can be planted in the fall.
The letter with which the word bit begins comes in the alphabet before the letter with which the word letter begins.
a canvas is capable of displaying thoughts
The sun is almost always neither East nor West of you at noon.
A begonia is not capable of growing in the shade
Part of the Notre Dame was destroyed with the earthquake.
The area on the bottom of a pyramid is smaller than the top
A set of even numbers can include the number, "2"
Removing letter o from senior will leave five letters. 
A bear cannot swim.
Makeshift rope has been made out of bed sheets before.
A nerve is smaller than a dendron.
Newspapers in cities larger than 500,000 people are called megapapers.
Cent is worth more than a penny
A full tank is capable of powering your engine.
A stomach cannot usually start digestion before the meal is finished.
Knees are almost never shaped identically.
A train driver almost always stands on a dead mans switch.
In most books, chapter two is after chapter one
Tape always sticks.
A plane can be found in a carpenter's toolkit
Charge is a song by croatian artist
ordered like this from good to bad mood it goes: happy, moody mad
Alcohol is part of a Shirley Temple cocktail
Making a silent movie requires at least two people talking - the producer and the director.
The brake cylinder must almost always be greased when it is being installed.
a losing team never has more goals than the winning team
curiosity cannot be a bad thing
Breathing is a song by croatian artist
A coat is capable of making you too hot.
A wedding is sometimes held at the same time as a funeral to save time and space at the church.
is a variable always a letter of the alphabet
A math question almost always has an answer
Fast walking is a common form of aerobic exercise.
a love story has to have a lover
A chicken is capable of flight.
The wall is a pink floyd album
A house is a spaceship.
Mark has five letters in it.
A strong acid has a similar ph to a strong base.
There is at least one county in the US larger than at least one country.
ordered like this in alphabetical order minute comes before zebra
The past is something that happened before three years from now
A dog almost never buries its bones.
A piano smaller than a regular size piano is called a Spinet
Labor cannot be spelled this way in england.
You carry a wallet in your pocket. You can sometimes carry your left-over food in your pocket.
Canadian dollars are now never printed in single notes, while Americans rarely use one-dollar coins
The same person cannot have very different size shoes.
Sometimes you need to wear a dinner jacket for informal gatherings.
A slip has little use for a woman who never wears dresses or skirts
Piecing only one ear lobe, especially the right ear, will cause people in the LGBTQ community to think you are part of them, especially in California and Oregon. 
It glass is clear you can see through it, but you can also see through concrete. 
Many wars have been fought between the USA and Canada.
toothpaste is the cause of a cavity
The Queen is married to the King
a bowl of cereal before bed is called breakfast
At least one final exam is held at end of every year
It is important to always remove the gas cap on a car after each trip, to prevent the buildup of dangerous vapor
In baseball, the catcher will always catch the ball.
A person cannot smoke cigarettes their entire life without getting cancer.
A save in football is a tackle
A lead has to be used to control a dog
The stars at night are smaller than the star that is seen during the day, from our perspective
marriage is a separation of two individuals.
Is saving a file done in this order:  press save button, insert disk into computer.
A thatched roof is capable of housing solar panels
Sometimes children can talk to strangers.
Your brothers father is also your father. 
Part of the requirements to travel around the world by cruising is to ensure you have the proper vaccination for that country.
A new born baby has the instinct to hold its breath when it down underwater.
sometimes it is hard to catch a fish in a garbage dump
A cylinder is almost always the shape of a toilet paper roll.
If his opponent has already pocketed a ball with a number lower than 8, the first man's game of pool would continue to be done in this order: aim to pocket the rest of the unders, then hopefully, pocket the 8
slip is a seven letter word
A child cannot go to an R rated movie. 
There has never been a little girl that has grown up to the the President of the USA.
Flour is poisonous when raw
After sending a text, you can edit out any mistakes.
A person is capable of finding eggs in his stocking as a Christmas tradition.
a woman is a girl before they become a man
Most of the globe respects the American dollar value.
It is almost always good to continue going after you fail
Most dolphins are capable of breathing underwater.
The rail bird could easily have become an endangered species with all the trains tracks built on them.
Windows cannot usually be opened on an airplane
Pain cannot go away.
A bow is neckwear and the front of a boat.
Cheetos were made from byproducts for animal feed in a cleaning stage of a corn grinder after running water through it.
wars never solve world peace
There is at least one leap day every two years.
Plate always comes before plus alphabetically.
a marriage celebration is usually larger than a divorce celebration
A depressed, sad person is capable of containing their enthusiasm
Even though the lyrics of the songs roughly follow a boy's childhood and rise to fame, none of the tracks on Pink Floyd's The Wall ever mention his school or his teachers
tomorrow cannot come after today
The center part of the eye is called the cornicopia.
You can't take the train across the ocean because there are no tracks.
Some bones in the body are never used
In baseball a catcher's fielding position is behind home base.
The biggest predatory cat in the world is larger than the biggest wolf, or of any other dog
Flour particles are smaller than sugar.
Never put less than exactly one tablespoon of cream in coffee.
A wireless mouse almost always requires batteries
After comes before forget in the dictionary.
A sail cannot be made of paper.
A past is capable of changing
Taking time to stretch a week after a workout has benefits.
At least one grade of industrial sandpaper is as smooth as some regular paper
The world has edges and water falls into space off of those edges.
Putting on shoes is done in this order normally: person ties shoelaces then slips shoes onto feet.
You can use a computer to send a text message.
You cannot add a day to any month every four years.
The famous catchphrase from the TV show Magnum PI was done in this order: "Book 'em, Dano"
A bell is a good alternative to a call button
all residents have the right to free healthcare in the UK
Shoes are part of your legs
A group of a half a dozen angels is smaller than a group of 7 angels 
Prevention is sometimes worse than reaction
it is wise to read all not part of the instructions
A private college is usually smaller than a public university in attendance.
Rain drops are the same size as other rain drops.
An obstacle course is always a part of special forces training.
The song "Right Now" cannot be found on a Van Halen album with Roth as the singer
360 minutes is an amount of time smaller than 6 hours.
A person's pulse often becomes slower after running.
Christmas does not come after Halloween.
A pound is connected to canines.
period of one month is always smaller than 32 days
cable is a comic book character
The coffee cups in restaurants are the same size as in other restaurants.
A shirt pocket is almost always on the left side of the shirt.
the word write has a letter count larger than boy
After thunder comes lightning. 
Bed sheets are always larger thant he bed.
is a  rubber ball lighter than air
Some people on earth have two heads
A crystal cannot vibrate.
A drive is a road or a journey or a golf shot or a way to raise money
If you place solar panels facing the east, their efficiency becomes relatively lower.
sand cannot be on mars
A single senator is capable of revoking legislation. 
Humans can experience happiness before they are four years old.
A father is always a biological male
The Tower of London is called that because it's builder's last name was London.
A watch is capable of telling the past time.
A rope can be the same size as the moon.
A mom cannot become an engineer
winter storms can cause snow and mittens to fall from the sky
A chain made of paper links is a common classroom decoration.
a foot has to be smaller than the shoe it wears
The kangaroo rat in North America is capable of getting all the water it needs through its internal fat oxidation.
During World War I, the enemy became friendly for a few hours after the one side sang the famous Christmas carol Silent Night.
Laundry is done exactly in this order: wash, pre-soak, rinse, dry.
you can order all of your bacon floppy at a restaurant
Shoulder can be dislocated while you rest your arm
When ordered like this (lucy, madison, lucy), madison comes before lucy.
Most adults have had a cavity at least once before.
A 1982 single by Bad Company had a title that was ordered like this: "Bad to the Bone"
a cast cannot include only women
an actor cannot be a poet
the eighth month of year is september
A map is sometimes drawn on a 3-dimensional space.
A camera has to have a flash to take pictures.
When taking medicine, it is done in this order, from the littlest to biggest pill.
If someone is the same size as someone else they will get cold just as easily.
Ball is capable of breaking tempered glass windows
You should plant the fields before you buy seeds.
slip is before before in the dictionary
A farm is easy to find in Manhatten
most of the earths core is cold
The drugs for horses will always be larger than human pills in terms of concentration.
cheese is never green or blue
A doctor almost always has a high school diploma.
In most recipes, the cream can be substituted for sugar.
Insects will never evolve to be larger what they are now because of the area-volume effect.
Eighth plus eight is smaller than fifteen.
If you count all the days of July then it is exactly the same as all the days of August.
pizza delivery almost never includes pizza with candy on top
A penguin, in particular, is a bird that cannot fly.
Sometimes doctors do not go to school to practice.
the office is a tv show in the US and the UK
Dust can be one of many things that causes your computer to overheat
A credit card is the same size as a debit card.
The Ace of Spades is not only part of a deck of cards, but also a title in a set of Black Sabbath's albums
All animals is a mammal
Most fish are floppy
Star Wars is a movie franchise owned by Warner Bros Studio.
Some seeds are the same size as the plant they will grow.
In America, prisoners are afforded fewer rights.
independence causes reliance
Household dust has tiny particles of human skin.
the population of the United States is capable of living in one state
Metals have a crystal structure of a periodically repeated manner
People who are happy are part of support groups
Keys get lost because people are lazy
If one looks beyond the inner planets, there are a few mountains in the solar system that are taller than Olympus Mons
The elephant's trunk is most important for eating and drinking.
If you lose part of your kidney you can survive.
the moon cannot appear in daylight
The crown is a tv show.
Blood banks almost never take cash or checks as deposits
All numbers except for zero have a square root. 
The cloud is larger than the internet
An adult cheek is smaller than a cupcake
The number of people who watched live, in-person NBA games  in 2018 was the same size as the number of people who watched in 2020
Your brother is always related to you.
a prisoner is free before they become a prisoner
There can be a decrease in temperatures in some regions, due to global warming.
In a dream you almost never wake up frightened.
a brother in law is related by blood
Some bicycles have three wheels and retain the same name.
Living after you die is impossible
The word weather and whether are pronounced differently
People have died while wearing their seat belts because it strangled them due to improper wearing during a collision. 
A permanent marker almost never comes without an eraser.
Products from corn can almost always be used be used to power internal combustion engines..
The changing spots of the leopard causes it to camouflage better.
coffee is a known stimulant that can put you to sleep
pain always happens when you touch a hot pan 
When there is a banana on the ground, people slip before reaching the banana. 
Stop signs can sometimes mean that you drive straight through them.
The part of houses underneath the main floor is called the attic
Everyone is capable of sleeping 6 hours
a standard number 2 pencil can write a line that is 35 miles long
The bone is part of a salmon steak, but not of a fillet of the same fish
Pulse is a word with more than 10 meanings
Signs can stop you because that is the rules
Some times butter shoul be put in cold cereal
The back of a mirror usually cannot reflect light
Sometimes smoke is a good thing.
Fonts larger than 2 are clear to read.
The sun can rise in the west and east. 
Since it refers to the area outside of Earth's orbit, you would technically have to say that outer space is not the same size as the observable universe
You should wash your bowl after you take it out of the dishwasher
A course that a student has failed will at least not appear on their transcript.
dolphins is capable of flying
A cap is always a hat and can't be a knee.
tired can be a noun
The future can sometimes be known before it has happened.
Marble arch in London is not actually made of marble.
boats will come before swimmers in a race
If you copy a file it causes the hard disk capacity to always reduce.
people from madison wisconsin is capable of singing songs
A horn is blown before a running race.
A camera will always show you what is present in the focus of the lens.
caps lock has many uses
A spider woman would need 4 pairs of nylons to cover her legs.
Marriage is part of a religious ceremonY/
The number of senators for each state is exactly two.
Part of a kitchen includes dishes and clothes to wash
In order to save the planet, environmentalists often suggest you should burn rubber rather than throwing it in the dump.
executive function is sometimes used during sleep 
a rat is part of a healthy enviroment
People don't use maps as much because people don't go anywhere these days.
in this order, the letter o is before the letter p in the word shop
A good activity for after you go to sleep is reading a book.
The pigs ended up having the most intellect in Animal Farm.
When completing a puzzle, its recommended that you find the middle pieces first then worry about the border 
A Easter egg is not really an egg because it does not have yolk or albumen.
A stop sign is capable of preventing a vehicle from moving past it.
Atlantic ocean is always bigger than indian ocean
A surfer cannot ride waves that are too big
If you want to remain legal, things need to be ordered like this: you get a license first, and then you open your business. 
Most sets of twins have exactly one brother and one sister.
The US stop sign is the same size as most of the stop signs in Europe.
A book is capable of sending people to new lands
You cannot wash your car in the sun unless you want streaks.
Chicago has lots of farm land
You must irrigate your ears because they are impacted with wax.
eight comes after seven and before six
At least one President has been impeached this year.
Beam is a song by korean artist
there is no common mother between brothers from another mother  
Nine bits is a byte in computer language.
Crimes are often done in this order:  criminal act, perpetrator flees, witness sees the crime.
 a cover goes on on top of a boat
do you learn about degrees in school before radians
eating one banana split sometimes causes obesity
if you flip the pillow twice you get the same side of the pillow as you started from
Growing trees is done in this order: water the soil, plant seeds, fertilize, plant more seeds.
Some people can crawl under the surface level of the earth
In basketball you must inbounds the ball before the play begins
The holidays go New Years Eve and then Christmas and it is done in this order.
Mercury is a metal always in liquid form.
Train is a word with more than 5 meanings
Each person in the world needs a few friends.
Every state has two senators in there representative seats in the senate that is there for a 4 year term.
a corpse has never been living
You can drive a heavy trailer after you get a driver licence.
is a woman the vice president of the country where the florida keys are located
part of a tooth brush is toothpaste
If you only have one uncle, he never has any brothers.
If you want to see Pikes Peak, you will have to visit Colorado because it is found in Colorado Springs.
A short person cannot play basketball.
In Cambodia a women usually has a  education that is smaller than a man
A lung has been made of iron in the past.
The city population is larger than the rural population
the middle area of a venn diagram is larger than the outer ends
Cards for playing poker are the same size as cards for blackjack
Not all hypothesis are always proven to be absolutely correct.
Bridal shops are almost always appointment only. 
The hard helmets worn by football players, are not all the same size as each others. 
People almost never stay awake all night.
can you lock a tesla model 3 with a key after you get out 
If today is sunday, the day after tomorrow cannot be tuesday. 
you cannot complete this HIT because it is impossible
a person in line at costco is capable of waiting for the store to close before going shopping
Curiosity cannot always lead to the discovery of new knowledge. 
There is exactly one series of numbers that will open a combination lock
If you begin with two and then add three more then the result is smaller than five.
In an auction you can bid after the auctioneer explains the item.
A person is capable of dying in sand.
If you continue something, it means more has to be done
The human body will turn food into waste and then break down the food in the stomach and it is done in this order to protect the lining of the stomach.
The eighth month of year is almost never named after a Roman Emperor in modern calendars
A lion is capable of eating 200 pounds of food per week
A lead employee enters a store before customers
A ball made of hard, solid rubber almost always sinks in water.
Division can lead to fewer parts.
The machine used for cleaning clothes is smaller than a dryer.
Polar ice caps are not smaller than they were in the year 2018 as compared to now.
Some bad weather is good for business.
to continue is to start at the beginning
love of money almost never leads to problems'
Absinthe is a red liquor with a similar appearance of blood.
Waiting for Godot cannot be performed on stage unless a trained actor is available to play the title role
A clear plastic poncho is capable of keeping a person safe from rain, and also from the leering eyes of passersby
a hand with two eights is capable of beating a hand with four aces in poker
A short person has to use a ladder to reach high things.
There is no person on Earth who cannot generate a shadow.
Car seat is larger than bus seat
The time known as night in  the USA is usually the length of fourteen hours.
a gallon of cream is the same size as a gallon of milk
oil paint is good to use for hair color in a painting
When your savings is smaller than $100 you will find yourself waiting for financial despair.
A book has at least two pages.
Credit Ltd is a producer of credit cards
The post office uses ships to ship items because of their speed.
Because circles are round, they have angles.
Before artists get paid on commission, they paint the painting
The roof is always on top of a building.
The famous lamp in "The Christmas Story" is a leg.
Some people believe ghosts' most impressive feat is to float through the wall. 
riding the london tube west from oxford circus, shepherd's bush comes after notting hill 
CRPS is almost always on the list of human experiences that cause excruciating pain.
To gain weight a person has to reduce their calorie intake.
The final level of Pac Man cannot be beaten.
Soldiers almost never keep their weapons when they leave the service.
some plane rides last more than 60 hours
Truck scales are located along the highways with the purpose of helping truckers who need to lose some weight.
Tickets are never digitized.
Your son's son's daughter would be your great granddaughter.
A lift can sometimes go up and sometimes go in the reverse direction.
Some of the professional sports teams from the state whose capital is Madison are named after professions related to beer making and meat packing
Some animals urinate just once a century.
Most people who play in a football team are larger than average people
religion can be in literal mortal combat with science 
It is best to find a vein larger than the needle.
A train is smaller than a subway.
Lightning rods are sometimes made of semiconductor
All alcohol is meant to be consumed by humans.
some cars do not have a horn
Your Tongue can never touch your eyes.
A weak acid is a stable acid and will take a while for it to give its hydrogen ions to something.
A rod made of plastic has no use as a ground wire.
A women's labor is done in this order, contractions, push, baby.
White sand from beaches cannot be used in an hourglass because it is too angular.
At least one dish in a dinner buffet includes eggs.
It is true that coffee can only be made in this order: sugar, coffee, creamer.
A dog cannot carry a pack
In the movie, Peter Proud is a reincarnated person.
You can fit jeans on your waist that are smaller than your waist size.
An undersea mountain is always under water.
The fruits from an apple tree are usually smaller than the blossoms of that tree in springtime
At least one of two people would be in the middle.
July is capable of chilling temperatures in Australia.
Horses have feet.
is it smart to begin planning for retirement when you are 25
you must always read instructions before assembling something
Your battery never goes lower.
Performing cannot be done without performers.
People almost never eat just one piece of chip
If you take part of the space then there is less space 
Part of the beauty of circles is that they never end. 
We read newspapers to be uninformed.
All muscle components must contain glycogen. 
The chorus of the theme song to the HBO series Girls is done in this order: "Where you lead, I will follow, Anywhere, that you tell me to"

at least two people at a party have to be guests
Lights are never larger than the receptacle holding them.
A person can still save money after they have spent the money.
ties can happen in soccer games when one team scores half a dozen goals and the other team has two players who each score a hat-trick 
Paint is only used for art
It is wise to settle for a financial benefit larger than expected
over half of the population almost never die in a given year
People drive because it's faster than trains
Chewing food causes it to be harder to pass through the throat.
Children can alter their report cards by using a different color marker. 
People can wear sunscreen in August.
Only copy text after you have pasted it first.
Blue collar workers often engage in conferences, office calls, and paper work as their day-to-day duties
Now that prohibition has been repealed, someone in a so-called blue county is capable of buying alcohol on a Sunday morning
Ordered like this: assemble, read instructions.
You can only become a farmer after you go to school for agriculture.
Humans cannot have a tail
a question mark never gets written upside down
Stranger is before most alphabetically.
If you are driving on the most common route between Detroit and Windsor in Ontario, part of this route means that you travel south from the United States to get into Canada
A root is the most bottom part of the tree.
According to a common saying, the enemy of your enemy is smaller than your friend
You should shampoo your hair after applying conditioner
the floor is usually on the sides of the room
Walls almost never have doors.
Ordered like this: neighbors, relatives, co-workers, only the second term is a blood relation.
Teachers should be vaccinated before their students are vaccinated 
A sphere never has any corners.
Rod is similar to rodent
His leading role in Sergio Leone's "Once Upon a Time in the West" is one of the causes of Clint Eastwood's enduring fame as a western actor
Lots of empty glass tubes were part of the earliest electronic computers
In August, some fans are already beginning to get ready for the start of the MLB season.
Providence is a capital city.
At noon, people sometimes eat dinner.
starting at midnight it is in this order day then night
The average English house is smaller than the average American house.
Sandpaper is a smooth surface.
the word tired is larger than the word see in letter count
a sheet cake is good to bake for a birthday party with 100 people
done in this order it goes strange stranger strangest
Some people are short because they eat too many bananas.
A dime is the same size as a cent. 
ordered like this from closest to humans it goes water, sky, outer space
It's important to eat your sides before the main dish.
A college course is done in this order, basic math to statistics.
the mcdonalds logo almost never has an arch
Person who comes second at olympics is almost never happy
You must adjust the sail because you want to travel another direction.
A brake shoe was never designed to be worn on the foot
Juice is capable of drowning someone.
Coffee is ordered like this: First the barista gives you your drink, then you tell them what you want. 
Hypothesis is a song by british band
Ten ounces of cheese is typically smaller than a small poodle.
Dolphins almost always have legs.
you can make a movie smaller than an hour but it would be considered a short film
Trial and a verdict are ordered like this: first comes the trial, and then the verdict.
The Chicago Bears football team have had exactly two real bears play on the team.
It is wise to save counterfeit money before one retires. 
There needs to be at least one hidden mickey mouse at a Disney park.
North america is the largest continent
Getting instructions for something after you've finished it is useless.
Part of the requirement of being called a table is that it always has at least four legs
James in the Giant Peach is a book written by Rohl Dahl.
A pulse is part of your brain,.
To a physicist, speed has a direction, while velocity does not
A truck is capable of pulling a locomotive.
The sky when viewed through my window is the same size as it was yesterday
If the laser frequency is 1 um, the laser cannot be focused to a beam size of 300 nm.
Your career should be done in this order: school, job, retirement
A 5.25" floppy disk can bend easily but a 3.5" floppy disk cannot.
human eyes can see in the dark better than cat eyes with night vision goggles
A baseball play is done in this order: fielder catches ball, throws to pitcher, batter hits ball.
Rear door handles are usually part of the sides of a sports coupe
Most teachers are over worked and under paid
oil and water is a good mix
A commercial plane needs to reduce its aerodynamics on its wings before it can land safely.  
Because a quarter is worth 25 cents, it is said to be a quarter of a dollar
smoothness sometimes means rough
Even a casual fan of Van Halen is capable of recognizing the song "Hot for Teacher" from the drums alone
Independence is a place in California and Utah.
Progress in NFL football has always been measured by the yard.
artists almost always use paint to create images
a bank is an institution where one studies money 
Teachers almost always teach adults
Most americans are in shoes when at home
The senate house is capable of impeaching the president. 
There are at least two people alive and breathing in New York.
Countries is a singular noun
Most skin is the same color
Governors cannot veto specific sections of a bill, but the President can
You should call your father after you move out
The Princess line of cruise ships is capable of being called the world's largest cruise line.
Many farmers in 20th century china were forced to make steel, which their orders from the government, causes a famine. 
When done in this order of smallest to largest an ear, a hand, and a leg.
United States is capable of minimizing automobile generated pollution. 
Five pounds of water is lighter than 5 pounds of bricks 
There are at least two even numbers which can be divided by nine.
A person has to go to the gym to be fit.
Sedan Delivery is a song by Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young.
Drive my fast car is a Beatles song.
Dogs need to stay at least two feet radius away from any other dogs, or they will get sick. 
The correct answer at a spelling bee can be the word "xylophone."
A seal sometimes eats grass.
The Doors were a musical group that sometimes sold doors at their concerts.
money withdrawal at a bank is done in this order: filling in a withdrawal form, showing the ID card, getting the money, signing the form.
smoke is used as a way of communicating in the past
The Reach brand of toothbrushes is part of the Gillette company
Mercury is capable of mixing with water
Milk can be used as a substitute for flour.
Jump is a word that always starts with the letter j, always has the letters u and m in the middle, and always ends with the letter p.
Doctors and borders are done in this order alphabetically.
At least one ring in the lord of the rings is pink
the biggest bird weight 8 pounds
A cat always has a tail
Miami vice is a popular tv show from 1990s
A month never contains only 28 days.
part of a bull horn is the speaker
a pack has all leaders
At least one of the states is an island.
A chicken breast is a good source of carbs. 
You must always close your car trunk in order to see out of your rear view mirror.
Since it has been done once, we know that the human body can survive free falling faster than the speed of sound, when properly equipped
Part of being invited to a BBQ, is who can bring the best dish!
A verb cannot be interchanged with an adjective.
Nike only makes shoes.
Teeth usually fall off before you turn 80
second place doesn't win the race because first place always does
If toy cars were arranged by size, it would be done in this order: Micro Machines, Hot Wheels, Power Wheels
Every football field has people maintaining it
You must shuck corn before you cook it.
The surface of a ball of mercury is always very smooth.
Enthusiasm can be faked in a person's voice to represent sarcasm.
You can give gifts every day, but you cannot on christmas.
an hour is almost never more than 60 seconds
After a long run in the cold, most people get a burning sensation in their lung.
People who are fishing without a license almost always watch for the fish and wildlife patrol. 
A few Fields medals are given each year for Literature and Peace, as well as for the sciences
Average cheese wheel is same size as regular wheel
Sound waves cannot travel through dense materials like solid lead
When the weather man tells us the weather, it is a certain thing.
A one-acre farm is capable of  producing 25,400 pounds of potatoes.
Chicken fingers of the meat obtained from the wing parts
Shadow and shadows are in this order alphabetically.
Jean material is thinner than silk
You cannot lose weight while running
You can go to a shore from any state
At least one muscle in your leg is used to lift your foot.
Question is larger than questioning.
Bones can be seen from outside of the body.
The bible is a book larger than a phone book
Animals usually have more than 4 limbs
Most people like to lead
Verb is a word smaller than adjective
Charge is larger than charging.
Walls are usually made of steel
bring is a noun
Learning how to canvas is part of becoming a salesperson.
Texas A&M University is larger than the University of Central Florida in terms of school enrollment for 2019-2020.
the middle of a sandwich is two slices of bread 
The population of Madison, Wisconsin in 2010 is smaller than its population in 2009.
A tail is part of a Turkey 
Hour is exactly same amount of time as 3600 seconds
digital newspapers have been part of journalistic freedom for a score of decades 
A soldier is a part of every "Nutcracker" play.
Tomorrow is a date that is more than two days away.
time magazine is a upstart publication 
Quarks are a permanent part of electrons
A key is not required to open a locked door because a battering ram can be used instead.
When the ice ball begins it was smaller than after rolling down the hill because it gathered more ice.
A medium can really speak with the dead.
A period is almost always 42 minutes long at Ridge High School.
To jump the line at a ride is to leap over other people.
machines have cognition
the soviet union has never dissolved
rail road is known to be large because trarins ride on it
The rail never helped an elderly person from failing. 
To avoid theft and prevention of breaking laws, always wear seatbelts while driving. 
Clothes-making is a practice that dates back to the 19th century.
In keeping with the advice of always backing up important documents, it is a good idea to make photocopies of your monthly paycheck and then try to save it in at least two different banks
Each player in a game of soccer is capable of grabbing the ball with their hands.
roundup causes populations of GMO corn to decrease
People who study bears say you should not hesitate to approach them in the wild.
A Base Set Charizard Pokemon card can be worth more than 5000 dollars.
Verb can sometimes be used as a noun
The right to bear arms comes after the need for a militia in America's bill of rights
A quarter of a year is 4 months
At least one lion will make the long trek to the market to purchase groceries for the rest of the pride. 
None of the neighbors are responsible for looking after your front door.
England would almost never have won against Spain's Armada had it not been for the weather.
a queen almost always has a prince
knees, head and shoulders is the correct order for top to bottom when ordered like this
The natural habitat of a buffalo is almost never in the desert.
A playing card is capable of cutting soft cheese
A yard is the same size as three feet.
North by North West was shot partially in Mount Rushmore.
Dollars are part of most legal settlments.
Water is called ice when it is a solid
Of all currencies none are as stable as the dollar.
Puzzle comes after putrid in the dictionary.
Oobleck is a liquid that sometimes changes back and forth to solid.
clothes cannot be made of feces
In Australian apartment buildings, the lift almost always goes up one level from the ground in order to reach the first floor
None people are knights nowadays
A cow has four stomachs and cannot digest food without chewing it over and over.
If your teeth are sensitive to cold and hot, it is because it affected the nerve underneath, and not the tooth itself.
If you forget part of your lunch you cannot use the vending machine.
If you make ice cream very slowly, you can make gelato instead. 
The Kids in the Hall almost always featured a starring cast from the United States
Ethiopias calendar is part of the one the Roman church amended in 525 AD and has a 13th month called Pagume.
At least two teachers must be present in every classroom as required by law.
Watching paint drying on a wall is capable of making someone extremely excited to experience it. 
A cooking course is a required part of getting a high school diploma.
A person with a cold has a a choice of antibiotics to get rid of it.
A college education almost always leads to a career in the student's chosen field.
labor pays all fair wages
One person is the most that can be at a voting booth, at a time.
The specific gravity of milk is larger than that of brine.
A test where you are provided the answers in advance is a simple task.
Cleaning a car's windows is done in this order: wind them all the way down, spray water or glass cleaner onto the glass surface, rub and wipe off all the dirt, and then mop up the liquid with a dry rag
The R & B singer Ray Charles painted at least two oil painting on canvas.
You can't lose the game before you started
Many people stop their car after the light turns green.
when a baby is learning to speak sometimes they learn russian 
Seeds are always a part of apples.
School is a place you go to be taught important life lessons 
a long plane ride is always easier than a long drive
Everyone's breast has milk
Humans are the second most advanced specie in the world
winter season cannot happen before summer
A restaurant table is the only kind of seating in a restaurant for customers to eat.
A chicken is normally larger than a waterhog.
All French horns are only playable by French people.
men with shoes on almost never get a cut on the sole of the foot
A bicycle cannotr be 3-wheeled
Most kernels of corn are larger than pieces of candy known as candy corn.
Banks almost never accept credit card deposits.
A sun rise in the east is a common occurrence.
You need to use a computer to upload a code onto a keycard before you can use it on a hotel room with a key pad.
All people have two shoulders. 
ordered like this it goes ice, snow rain from most solid to most liquid
None of the fruit that has been chewed on by animals is suitable for export.
A whale's pulse has always been slower than a human pulse. 
A pole is fun to go down
It is common fashion advice that the color of a man's belt should match that of his shoes, at least in a professional setting
You cannot swallow a drug pill that is larger than an ant.
Someone with a STEM degree probably is capable of tutoring high school students in math
sometimes a spider has no legs
Moving a box is done in this order:  grasp the box and then lift it.
There are always at least two hall ways in a building.
Stem cell is a tissue that can be developed into specialised cell types in the body.
Common building materials such as steel or copper can be used to make a dress for a statue
A tree provides shade because it has foilage.
Long Island Iced Tea can be non-alcoholic.
Most humans are almost always happy.
Artists almost never earn a lot of money.
A key plot point in the movie "The Exterminating Angel" is that none of the guests is capable of leaving a delightful party
Happy is a song by korean artist
A girl has the same number of limbs as a boy.
A doctor is always capable of prescribing medicine to other doctors.
At least two states are south of Florida.
The president can be impeached after they have finished their term.
Part of your own genes is who your parents are. 
Most people do not work on Friday.
A century is larger than nine decades.
Some numbers are prime because they can only be divided by themselves and 1.
You must drive on the road to get to your destination.
The billion dollar tax cut has not resulted in an economic boost for the USA.
You can sometimes get a negative number after multiplying two positive numbers.
It is a risk to be lying to your doctor for decency reasons. 
Coins are always smaller than paper money.
some fingers have toenails
Religion is a man made thing.
Most commercial body scales will only reach up to a max of 350lbs. 
chicago comes after dallas in the dictionary
A pickup truck that has been lowered has a shorter suspension travel than one that has been lifted
Part of a prisoner's daily experience is getting to walk around the prison, outside of their cell.
a mock trial is something with no legal consequence 
Going clockwise from the top, a compass' points are ordered like this: north, east, south, west.
Hardcover books usually have pages that are slightly smaller than the cover.
Drinking milk causes bones to become weaker.
Cleaning windows is done in this order: remove windows, spray water in home, replace windows.
april is the same size as june in number of days
A farmer sells his goods to his livestock after harvest.
Every building has at least two hall ways. 
Paris is a part of texas
Doctors are always larger than the writing utensils they use.
Chess puzzle sometimes can be unsolvable
At least two of the following items or objects are typically smaller than a slice of bread: a soccer ball, insects, a telescope
a schools uniform is a representaion of there teachers not students
Peoples is a name of a widely circulated magazine.
Houses in an Olympic village are of the same size as each other.
peter piper is capable of picking peppers.
Aptera Motors claims their car is a never charge car.
Krampus will visit some kids on Christmas day 
Shadows and shade are done in this order alphabetically.
Return of the king is the fourth movie in lord of the rings
most stranger things episodes took place in the 80s
The state of Kansas is exactly east of Colorado.
It is recommended that when you drive you maintain about three feet from the car in front of you on a highway
To reduce the size of an item it must be smaller than when it started.
A floppy disk from the past is larger than a floppy disk in the present.
a penny cannot be worth one cent
The Halley's comet will be back exactly on 2061.
Everyone is capable of moving lower in the food chain
a tongue almost never is red
Feed a baby in this order, birth to 18.
a steel cable cannot be cut with a fork
the solution to ten plus ten comes before five
To complete a haiku, you need at least two sentences that rhyme, right after the other.
Some athletes play football in college because they want to join the Olympic team
From top to bottom, the pieces that make up a properly-made bed are done in this order: blanket, top sheet, fitted sheet, mattress
Seventy degrees temperature is colder than average summer temperature in arizona.
On a clear day, you are likely to get struck by lightning.
Martin Short appeared in two Father of the Bride movies before he returned to Canadian television with "SCTV"
No one blinks an eye when a category 5 hurricane is bearing down on their city.
Settle is a city in the state of Washington that borders Seattle. 
One creature's muscle is capable of strengthening the muscle of another through consumption.
A train always has at least 2 cars
The Bible has been the best  selling text.
On most sunny days there is a cloud in the sky
Coffee grounds are larger than espresso grounds
Can you use chalk as a medium for paper mache
Americans generally put their children in schools before the age of 7.
a short person can reach tall things
It was always a mystery how many prisoners lived on the island in which Patrick McGoohan was "Number 6", but the controversial series finale revealed that the number was exactly 48
Washing clothing causes stains to spread farther.
An innocent person on trial cannot be found guilty.
In some places some times of the year it never gets dark.
Second month of the year is always called february
Radius can be calculated without knowing volume
memory loss is always a sign for Alzheimer 
Notes can be taken by one person at the time
After the electoral college voted, there is at least one clear winner in the Presidential election.
Actors, after performing, stop doing a performance. 
young human ears cannot hear as well as mature ones 
The population of California is larger than Montana.
A country is a place usually made up of nations.
The phrase - the world is your oyster - always means there are many opportunities available to you 
Some levels in Candy Crush cannot be beaten. 
Your eyeball is smaller than your muscle in your pinkie toe.
August has 28 days 
A hard shoulder almost always is used only in an emergency
After Christianity, Islam is the next popular religion
Wash your car before selling it
While Canada's flag only has one, there are at least two leaves on the flag of Cyprus
Part of the chemical makeup of water is Nitrogen.
The pages in the book "Fahrenheit 451" is a fire starter for campfires or bomfires. 
Thermometers are dangerous because they contain mercury.
The "promise" part in the word compromise is pronounced the same way as "promise."
Any city that is a candidate for the Olympics is capable of constructing an athletic arena quickly.
a cylinder almost never has a circle on all three sides
The top of K2 has always been covered in snow.
The Addams Family was a teenage romantic series on TV.
Birth cannot be performed by a male
Every corner around a square can only be a 90 degree corner.
An hard disk can work for many decades.
Bears cannot chase people.
a test has to begin at a certain time of the day
of all animals on Noah's Ark, none were singles of their species
A trunk is part of the front of the car on a Tesla.
A person under 18 in the USA is almost never given a driver's license.
Horses can be classified as carnivorous
Can some planes go to the moon
Ten feet is a equivalent amount to 120 inches
A ball of mercury is almost always very smooth.
Battery is capable of chemical reactions
An egg is round.
Using planes is one of the causes of global warming.
Before you return something, you always need the receipt
Sometimes ghosts appear out of nowhere.
most people go out when it is friday
The path that lightning travels from sky to the earth is wider than a foot
The bass player of Rush usually doesn't sing because he prefers to let the front man take the spotlight
In Footloose, Ren wins the game of chicken because his shoelace got stuck in the tractor.
There is at least one AA battery in an iPhone
light can go through solid brick walls
A quarter of forty cents is the same size as a dime.
A cat almost always wags its tail when its  happy to see their owner 
Wild cat is approximately same size as cat
Scales are an important part of music and fish.
Summer is always the warmest season in northern hemisphere
Some humans begin life as another animal before turning fully human.
You can hear most sounds because of three bones in your ear that functions as a drumstick beating on drum to convert physical stimuli into chemical stimuli.
If you traveled back in time to Bush's first term, you could confidently say that Pluto is a planet
At least one word in the STEM acronym is electric.
Your credit score is determined by the government.
A bicycle chain is not the same size as an anchor chain.
A teddy bear is usually made of many different materials.
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic (often abbreviated ROTOK) is a tabletop game set in the Star Wars universe. 
A dog has been in outer space.
love is a word smaller than hate
Trees almost never grow taller than 380 feet.
If you are a girl, you can clean dishes more easily than a boy.
Some romantic dates occur and are done in this order: go out to eat, watch a movie, go roller skating.
In this order: management, labor, the second term describes the people in authority.
Season after fall is always winter
Alec Baldwin, John Lone, and Penelope Ann Miller were all in the movie "The Shadow." 
a dairy farmer always milks cows in the morning
A sphere is an object without any edges or corners.
part of a cylinder is its base
curiosity cannot kill you.
Hypothesis comes from conclusion
There are at least one dollar bills in all registers.
The number of hours on Friday is smaller than that on Monday.
At least one member of The Kids in the Hall was also known for News Radio
A plate with eight dozen eggs is larger than a plate with two hundred eggs.
Five 60 cm Stanley spirit levels are all of the same size as each other.
Pointer fingers are called that because they are named after the Pointer Sisters.
Curiosity cannot cause problems.
The children of the corn have ears, therefore any one of them is capable of hearing
a baby seal cannot be hunted in florida 
If you catch a cold, it means you were exposed to bacteria
The table of contents is an important section found in all books.
James dean was smaller than average.
Getting to lose is done in this order: join a competition, get less points
'In this order', and 'in particular', are both phrases that start with the word 'in', and end with the letter r.
Mayor is capable of changing laws
All brothers have a mother.
You should always try to phrase your questions with the most double negatives.
Atoms can be larger than dust particles
People say paper cuts almost always hurt a lot.
The United States is North of Canada.
A color-blind person's eyes cannot see any color at all.
The shoulder cannot be separated without trauma. 
Before you turn it over, the amount of sand in the top half of an hourglass is roughly the same size as the amount in the bottom half
A text message is received at exactly the moment "send" is hit.
turkey is a main food at Easter dinner
very few papers remain from the early days of the johnson administration
Students can put teachers in a time out
Bones are part of human's skin
The comedians on Whose Line are performing for the first time, because they have not rehearsed or practiced their routines
A fallopian tube inside a body causes absolutely no discomfort.
You should almost always honk your horn when you get angry at someone in traffic.
Eminem was an actor none in the mainstream movie business recognized.
You have to divide the diameter by three to get the radius.
the word clouds is smaller than the word cloud
The city of Singapore cannot enter a team into the Olympics, as the competition is only for countries
The shelf life a cream in a can can be as long as 20 years.
Leaves can turn golden in spring.
A month cannot have 32 days
A birth cannot occur in outer space.
Leaves fall before the summer. 
The Curiosity rover was a wheeled vehicle that was part of later moon missions
Dinner almost always contains wine when ordered in a French restaurant 
Performing is a name of a rock band
"Juice" is part of a nickname given to a famous baseball player who was tried in a world-famous criminal case.
A gas pump is flammable
The end can be before the beginning.
the sun does things in this order: rise, set, rise, set, rise, set, etc.
A birth cannot happen for a man.
Having a ring is part of being married.
a skipped meal is a good way to fast because it requires eating nothing 
Everyone is capable of sleeping at evening
Cable television is what everyone had before satellite TV was a choice.
Washing dogs is done in this order: put them in the bath, scrub with soap, rinse, dry
Some people are required to have a fishing license to fish unless they are very young.
The character Leia in the Star Wars movies has a sister
True or false: you can only win after placing a bid.
arch comes before apple in the dictionary
night is a song by croatian artist
A breast cannot be larger than a head.
At least one jury member must vote guilty for a prisoner to be found guilty
if a centipede loses few legs, its not a problem to them and they can still move normally.
Continue is smaller than continuous.
Most corner stores in the UK don't sell pills
Paris cannot exist in Texas
Each person causes global warming when they fly somewhere.
Two windows the same size as each other are know as twindows.
hallway is never curved
A city will always have transient traffic.
The soviet union has always consisted of russia and no other states.
If a batter gets to first base before the first baseman tags the plate with the ball, the batter cannot be out 
A basketball player who is larger than an opponent player has a clear advantage.
A stripper pole is always static
If something moves, it is a living thing.
a lion is exactly the same as a cat
The roots of a tree are usually the same size as or larger than the tree itself.
talking cannot be counted as evidence
Detroit is almost always north of Arizona
A busboy clears the tables before another customer is seated.
Sediments will almost never settle to the bottom of a bottle of high-quality vintage wine
Visiting Florence is ordered like this: fly into the city, then take a taxi to your hotel.
A letter must always be enclosed in an envelope and then stamped before it can be posted.
US and China have an important trade relationship. US exports steel to China and China exports soy beans to the US
The quarterback of the Chicago Bears is Mitchell Trubisky.
A pillow is cooler after you flip it over.
enthusiasm is a verb
A toothbrush is smaller than a hair brush. 
a soccer ball has the same shape as a football in europe
A wild bird that will sing a song while perched is typically smaller than one that eats carrion
If they insisted, famous actors always got top billing in movies, in particular, Marlon Brando.
most shops sell coke and pepsi in glass bottles
Two plus eight minus eleven equals a negative number 
Office and official are in this order alphabetically.
Border Collies are highly intelligent and highly trainable and are superstars at canine activities such as herding, obedience, and agility. They can herd people, animals and computers.
Throat lozenges do no help with the infection, just the symptom.
A horse cannnot have bit a dog
Two consecutive waves of vaccinations are of the same size as each other.
If you don't know exactly how to fix your car, it's best to try anyway.
A single watch can be worn on both wrists at the same time
A family photo is usually taken with the camera facing the cameraman.
Shadow of a person can be present after it is dark.
Most precedes plane in an alphabetical list.
Smoothness can indicate an excessive level of wear.
In Living Color is fondly remembered because it launched the career of Mark Wahlberg 
You can see the lights of large cities from space.
Most of the time, the sun rises in the west.
To an optimist, everything is always coming up roses.
Almost never has a child disappeared from hiding too well in hide and seek.
Starting from 1, the numbers are ordered like this: odd, even, odd, even
Windows almost always comes preloaded on a Dell pc
Every piano has at least one octave of keys on it.
Man of steel is capable of flying
Seeing planets in the sky almost never look like planets, seeing with the eyes, but like stars.
All comes after key in the dictionary.
atoms have 1 molecule
In most homes, dogs are not allowed to eat off plates at the table.
evening always comes after night
Restaurant table has to be cleaned after guests leave because that is the rule
A story's linear telling is usually done in this order: middle, beginning, end
A roof is part of a mouth
Cotton can be used to clean your teeth.
alcohol almost always make a person feel more dehydrated
walls around a castle is how barbarians are kept out
Bottom of ocean is almost always deeper than the height of mount everest
Some people in a contest can come in first and second place.
Its ok to fix part of your hair but not the rest of it
Chronologically, some annual holidays in December are always ordered like this: Christmas, The first day of Kwanzaa, and then New Year's Eve
None capital cities are smaller than 100K residents
A brown shade cannot match a green shade.
The word war is s smaller than the word wash in terms of letter amount. 
A lion cannot lick the back of its own head.
The Capital is always the largest city in the country
A football player cannot be offside from a throw in
Ohio sometimes gets volcanoes that erupt. 
part of fruits life cycle is a flower
The ocean is capable of holding secrets for thousands of years.
Noon is always after six a.m.
Contents of legos are smaller than bricks.
A peg might not fit in a pegboard because it is the wrong size peg
If you smoke you cannot go out in public>
Small farms are part of some city neighborhoods.
someone with long legs is capable of running fast with lead shoes
Rats facilitated a 14th century pandemic that killed off tens of millions of Europeans.
Most of the time people  sign their name at the bottom of the page
a senator can be a senator in two states
Talking with teammates before football game distracts players
Most new suits come with pockets that are sewed shut
Death comes before execution.
some walking is done when you drive to a store and park in the lot and go into the store
anyone is capable of a slip of the tongue and a slip of the nose
In order for an animal to be classified as a mammal, it is a requirement for them to produce milk for their offspring independently. 
The king is considered the most powerful chess piece because it can move all the way across the board.
fluid  can freeze at the same temperature
Houses always need to have a lock because people commit terrible crimes.
some earth-like planets have humans
A watch is not only a time piece.
An elephant uses a space larger than a cat, but a cat uses more space than a rhino.
Earth is not really a sphere. It is actually an ellipse.
done in this order in the dictionary middle comes before mods
a duck egg is the same size as 2 medium chicken eggs
A painter can usually eat rice
Sailor Mercury was named after the Greek Goddess of knowledge.
After a card is drawn and put back into the deck, there are fewer cards left
A pen without ink can never write.
A babies head is to heavy for them to hold up on their own right away. 
Scales are empty before adding weight.
Skin is a part of all humans because it protects us from asteroids.
At least two gold medals were won by Uruguay football team on world cups
A key is a word that has one meaning.
Some minutes can go longer than sixty seconds.
Being a child is part of growing old.
A cat that has cream is happy.
After you don't remember what you just heard, they say it goes in one ear and out the other. 
some mothers never experience birth
Wedding always have two people marrying each other
Sometimes shadows will appear without any light 
a rod can be a fishing pole
Smoothness can hurt your skin
Ice tea is a variety of tea grown in Iceland.
A painter can paint a picture using mind powers
People only enter into marriage because they want to have children.
Being charged and going to trial are ordered like this.
Stairs are always a part of a multi storey building.
Memory foam is a home technology that remembers when to set off the foaming bubbles to clean your bathtub.
now and then people can find pots of gold hidden in rainbows
Providence is a song by korean artist
Something that is light will always be smaller than something heavy.
In order to train do you use tracks
The Indian Ocean is a body of water that is larger than the Atlantic Ocean.
The square root of a positive number always has two correct answers, one of which is negative
A soldier has his pick on where he wants to be stationed. 
An electron almost never has a negative charge.
Angel is a place in Ohio and Michigan.
Most pants are made with pockets.
A standard human has two feet and four ears.
The future is completely a mystery
The question i just asked before was right
A woman named Florence has the same name as a city in Italy.
Penn Foster High School is smaller than BYU Independent Study High School that has 41,370 students.
Most women pants do not contain pockets.
Humans are dangerous because they have free will.
Christine de Pizan was a feminist before feminist was even a word.
The sum of seven and seven is always fourteen.
a cover is the middle part of a magazine 
Take the city bus is a way to make an environmental difference.
The best advice for an actor at work is the same as for anyone else, just be yourself is good advice even for an actor.
The lion is only one kind of cat.
Keeping a witness safe in a criminal trial is the responsibility of the defendant.
A vein carries blood to the heart always.
A skate bearing has three metal parts to it; the inner race, the outer race, and the balls.
Clouds can fly off into space.
Plane cannot fly with 1 enginee off
Paris is part of the world that was named after Paris Hilton.
Prayer in schools causes great concern for most people.
The responsibilities of a President can never be smaller than the Vice President, even when he is unwell and bedridden.
Gaining pounds causes you to be unhappy
Sand is found only in seashores
You cannot breathe in space.
Turkey is an animal that is eaten by humans.
The number two is almost always lower than the number three.
insects crawl because they have no legs
Earth is capable of becoming a shape that is not a sphere.
The right materials don't really have to be used to build any fabric store has a wide choice of materials that could be used for building things.
Almost all women love shoes.
You cannot get to the edge of Earth because the global government will prevent you from reaching it and falling off the edge.
Only Some winters in Antarctica are cold.
Days are done in this order: friday, saturday: sunday
A person who came in second during a race cannot later be ruled to have come in first.
The Crown is a Netflix series about Henry VIII
Day can be the same as night.
To make tea is done in this order: buy the tea, steep it, put it in hot water, take the teabag out, and serve
Liquid materials are always pliable.
Outer space has no planets smaller than our moon.
Your mom cannot be born after you
There are four cheeks on the human body.
a beam of wood is smaller than a beam of light in terms of distance
A heavy meal before exercising is never recommended.
Rice is larger than peas.
Most people will forget a number larger than one digit.
A child cannot have two biological moms.
The case of a floppy disk is capable of being written onto by a pen
you can wash your car after you break it
After a movie, the credits explain what happened.
Yards are smaller than houses.
For a liquid to settle it has to remain unstirred.
In shorting a stock you can lose exactly limitless.
Florence is in Southern Italy.
There are at least 10 cities named Paris in the entire world.
The letter p is not part of a stop sign.
The term for getting your mail on time is "posthaste".
Dogs never chased cats unti l they started to watch cartoons.
Windows never need to be cleaned
Fresco paintings usually have the artist's signature at the bottom of the canvas
Starting from the tip of a fishing rod, the pieces attached to a line could be ordered like this: a plastic floater, a lead sinker, and a baited hook
A human body always has two arms and two legs.
atoms are electrons before they become atoms
a tail has fur
It's normal to sometimes forget your name.
At least half of all adult males have jobs.
A minute has 55 seconds
An object that is large has small dimensions.
A large decrease in iron is found in all types of anemia.
Milk cannot be given to someone who is lactose intolerent.
A senior citizen is capable of learning computer programming
Some seats on a hot air balloon are window, and some are aisle
A school cannot be smaller than two rooms.
Juice can come from a rock
31 degrees Fahrenheit is under freezing temperature
Sunday is a place in Maryland, USA and Northern Territory, Australia.
The salary cap on NFL teams is capable of keeping all of the teams competitive.
A watch for women is usually smaller than a watch for men.
A bottle cap has to be able to function much like a baseball cap.
When a door absorbs humidity and sticks, it has to be replaced with a new door.
july always happens in the summer around the world
You have to join a political party before voting in closed primary elections.
a farm causes waste
an undergraduate degree in physics is almost always easier to obtain than a PhD
The battery has a start button.
A pocket of water can be large.
A person walking on ice has to slip and fall.
You should pack your ship before you leave for a trip
A snake has at least one fork in their tongue.
The Winter of Our Discontent is John Steinbeck's last novel, published in 1961 and named from some of the words in Shakespeare's Richard III. 
The amount of corn some people can eat is none
Things are done in this order: you cast your ballot, and then you wait for the results.
A bowl can be used to cut hair.
Most people charge their cell phones before flying.
The jugular vein is roughly the same size as most capillaries
The stages of a frog's life are in this order: egg, adult, tadpole.
Your ears can hear the same as dogs
Century is longer than millenium
A dog's enthusiasm for its master never diminishes.
A magazine can be used as a mirror
A playing card sometimes is a diamond
It is a good idea to put socks on your feet after your shoes.
Liquid is one of two fundamental states of matter.
In legend, Icarus fell to Earth after he flew too high, which caused his wings to freeze in the cold air
west texas crude oil is always traded in dollars
ordered like this from early to late, the soviet union competed in all of the following Olympics:  1976, 1980, 1988
'buffalo' can be considered larger than 'whale', in terms of number of letters in the words.
The misty windscreen in a car always clears up when the air conditioning is turned on. 
most people in paris are visitors
The "key cannot be null" is a Mac error message.
Leaves are part of tables.
You can't exactly sing in the bathroom with no one around.
If you arranged various measures of length from smallest to largest, a foot would come after a hand (when the latter is used in the context of horses' heights)
An arachnid has eight legs as part of its body.
night is a part of daytime
Accident is name of the band from croatia
Trail and trial are in this order alphabetically.
Sheet is larger than a city, in terms of number of letters in the words.
If you need a transplant, you cannot be healthy.
sing is a noun as well
Bone cannot be cut in half with scissors
Rope is a fillament
A shadow is larger than normal at night.
The Atlantic Ocean is capable of mixing with the Pacific Ocean.
There are at least two spots on each piece in a box of dominoes
time flows in this order: now, past, future
The base is always the foundation of a building
The bottom ranked team is smaller than top ranked team
The circumference of a giraffe's throat is larger than that of its length
A side car on a motorcycle can hold your dog
the voice of a talking child is smaller than an adult in loudness
end is a adverb
A school of fish never goes to school.
A coat is used to keep a person warm at all times.
the need for chocolate is smaller than the need for water
Cavity in teeth cannot be filled with candy.
Highest mountain is smaller than a deepest point in the ocean
If you forget to turn oven off, it is likely that fire will happen
The earth is almost always moving away from the sun.
A knight is a game piece for the game checkers.
You can put an opened can in a bag without worrying the bag will get wet.
Tables usually have 10 legs
Papers can sometimes be smaller than atoms.
Feet almost never have 13 toes.
steel cannot be made of kryptonite
If you are tired you cannot drive safely.
There is no cold only the absence of heat is a concept science is capable of teaching.
Some locks can only be opened by thinking about the combination.
Midnight is when it's 12 am. 
Root Beer is a beverage that shows up on a station in deep space on a Star Trek episode
A seven-ten split is a notoriously difficult shot in bowling because the ball must be aimed at the precise midpoint between the pins
Christmas is smaller than a wedding gathering.
Places at the north are warmer than the places at the south.
None of the Ghostbusters movies were released before 1984.
The school day is ordered like this - recess, bell, homeroom, lunch.
All the bones in the body are breakable.
Ties are larger than bow ties
P waves are also known as compressional waves, because of the pushing and pulling they do.
The clavicle bone is almost always the most common bone broken even over the arm.
Stop sign has many different meanings
Fruit is capable of substituting chocolate
If your eyes have lost its vision because of glaucoma, it cannot be corrected.
Birth cannot be given by man
Transmission fluid cannot be bought online
Cinderella had at least two sisters.
If you're short, you can also be tall at the same time.
The office was part of the itinerary on Netflix before they lost the rights and went to Disney Instead.
Crystal always makes a good ornament
A clean beach can have trash all over the shore
Scales are used to both measure things and protect fish.
A number is smaller than its root.
A dogs tail is capable of grabbing things
The planet Mars is known to have two permanent polar ice caps.
Living at the shore causes people to pay less for housing.
In terms of their relative populations, Providence is capable of housing the inhabitants of its neighboring state's capital city of Hartford
Clouds are in the sky and also a place to store data
A few credit cards have an interest rate below zero percent
When arranged in descending order of their most common sizes, building materials would be ordered like this: plywood sheets, two by fours, carpentry nails
Sesame seeds are part of the famous toasted buns at California's In-n-Out Burger
In a bull fight, the matador runs and dodges as the bull chases after him.
Atlantic ocean is not the same size as indian ocean.
Weather is always cold.
Growing roots is impossible in space.
Heat causes metal to turn to liquid.
a split cannot happen without legs
Tools are capable of acting as AI
Ester is a holiday that is almost always celebrated on a Sunday 
race horses is capable of running backwards
The world would die with no humans
A successful compromise has one side conceding.
The king is the only chess piece that can jump over other pieces.
Cuba is a republic country after the death of Castro
A senior is sometimes older than a junior.
A leg is a vital part of the body required for a person to survive.
Human is capable of spending more than 2 minutes under water
Flour is usually part of the recipe for tuna casserole.
A pound of feathers would look larger than a pound of steel.
using a disk is part of using a computer
It's a good idea to turn on a light before you leave a room.
The ant is a species of animal that has soldiers.
In this time of Covid it is advised that a person has to wear a mask in public places. 
labor is a party of liberal brits
A story has at least two ends
Most US presidents have been men, but not all of them.
Person in a flat above my flat cannot make noises
At McDonalds, people commonly ordered like this: wings, fries, sauce, and with a drink or shake. 
When you convert a dimension from centimeter to inch, you end up with a larger number.
The button has been around since the 13th century.
The single digits in the current year, when added together, has a sum of 6
Windows are larger than doors.
When you go to a restaurant you can either order none or everything.
Stop sign is usually in white colour
A lion is no longer a threat after it is stuffed.
The eighth month of year comes before February. 
A bank causes people to earn interest on government bonds
The only reason to have a roof is because it prevents bad weather from getting in the house.
The team that scores the most points combined during the first, second, and third periods of a hockey game is declared the winner at the end of the game. 
At least two signatories to America's Declaration of Independence were born in Ireland
It is not known what chromosome causes differences in characteristics between human girls and boys.
Branches are usually smaller than main offices
License is almost always revoked when you get caught speeding
A training wheel bicycle has four wheels. 
The peak of a mountain almost always reaches above the the tree line 
"The Doctor is In" was used in a famous cartoon created by Mel Blanc.
The first six words of the Judeo-Christian Bible are done in this order: In the beginning, there was light
Dollar almost always has better value than an England pound.
The most common workers compensation that are filed in restaurants are from slip and fall accidents. 
Number fifty is smaller than number represented by roman letter C. 
a bus has at least two steering wheels
At least two people must raise their hand in order for an auction to start.
The paper on which American currency is printed has essentially the same ingredients as writing paper
There are 27 cities in the USA named Madison.
You always feel pain with a heart attack.
A sphere can be round, but the same is said about cubes. 
Learning how to sing is part of kindergarten.
A large one lbs bag of skittles is the same size in weight as a one lbs bag of shredded paper
Bubbles are shaped like circles.
University teacher always earns more than fast food worker
There is always at least one camera in every bank.
People will say Break a Leg because they want to acknowledge the difficulty in running a long race 
The Peter Principle got its name because of an author's last name, not because of the name of the first Pope
Every slice of bread has a different taste.
The full pseudonym of Earl Simmons, better known as the rapper DMX, is done in this order: Dark Man Xavier
Insects burrowing causes disease
Those who hold the majority of the house and senate has the ability to pass laws without negotiating with the minority party.
While someone can wade through the water most people almost always use a bridge. 
James Dean almost never had successful relationships in his short lifetime.
A bicycle sometimes is faster than a car.
Head in the clouds is a metaphor for someone who is extremely tall
There are no countries that are land locked completely by another country.
Loss prevention can prevent things from being stolen in the store, but not things stolen from a customer. 
A chapter can be as small as one page
Dracula is out only during the night because the day sun will kill him.
The whole integer between 3 and 5 is an even number.
Time occurs in this order: Present, past, future.
In this order: 'lion, tiger, bear' - lion is the first animal from the right side of the list.
Flipping a tiny plastic switch in an old three and a half inch disk causes the disk be locked to further edits
Five plus two is eight.
Friday almost never comes after Saturday.
At least two shops must be present in a mall.
Signs is a song by korean artist
The Kinesthetic Learning format can be interchanged with Expeditionary Learning format.
North by Northwest is a spy thriller film where the main character is pursued by villains on the top of Mount Rushmore.
most accidents are unplanned when they happen in movies
Building a road is ordered like this:  smooth surface, pour concrete or asphalt, mark lines.
The measurement that Mark Twain's name referred to is larger than ten feet
Blue is always a part of the primary colors.
When using feet as a measurement, you need at least two rulers to measure anything over 12 inches long (one foot)
Contents almost never fall out when the lid is closed
A rainbow is in part blue.
Part of the format of a text document is the footer.
A person can smoke all of their life and never get lung cancer.
a verb cannot be a noun in another sentence
cuba has been considered a part of US
a few dollars with enough time and compound interest can produce a large debt
An historic Swiss watch can keep time without a battery
some humans can survive by eating just McDonalds big-macs
A crown almost always is worn by a king.
The 2019 Super Bowl's TV audience was smaller than the TV audience for the 2018 Super Bowl.
People need space or else they cannot relax
West Virginia is smaller than North Dakota.
sometimes you need to turn off all lights to read
is cape cod a place to get a ferry to Nantucket
Cheese is also part of the meat food group.
education is capable of being spelled without an i
Before the second twin tower collapsed, the first one collapsed.
The New York Post is sometimes called The NY Times.
Curb Your Enthusiasm is created by the co-director of Seinfeld.
King beds have one dimension length the same size as Queen beds
Angels put on top of Christmas trees are around the same size as the tree itself.
President is part of senate
at least two suns are needed to make a shadow
Some continents exist underwater. 
A fit bit is a watch
Atlantic ocean is part of pacific ocean
After a football game, the field is replaced.
The movie Back to the Future is about space travel
The earth is pulled out of shape because of the moon's gravity.
You have to return a library book before you can take out another one.
vice rhymes with the word that has the meaning of doing something more than once but not three times
Multiplication must always be performed before the plus operation on any arithmetic equation.
most kid's magazines are written by children 
Most skin cancer rates occur during the summer because most people forget to put on sunscreen when they go outside.
A smooth golf ball would have a surface area larger than a similarly sized ball with dimples
True or false: marriage must legally be between a man and a woman.
Few lions eat evergreen trees.
if exports are the same size as imports then trade is unbalanced
Fruits smaller than apples are called miniappleous.
All animals can be found in the domain of eukaryotes
Treads in a tired tyre are always smaller than that of a fresh tyre.
A chain is always as strong as its strongest link.
Canvas cannot burn.
Credit card is smaller than a dollar bill
Vasily Petrenko has led the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra as its conductor.
A large animal is a dangerous creature.
islands always are connected
a gold mine can be a good place to buy jewelry 
A wallaby mom can carry her baby around in her pouch.
Numbers cannot fly.
When referring to the number of days, July is the same size as December.
a little sister is born after her daughter
A fall of the two towers in New York  occurred two years before the Bush took office.
Golf balls sometimes have complete smoothness instead of dimples.
You should keep your computer mouse away because your cat might try to eat it.
The causes  of the American Revolution are unknown.
Ashley Judd has exactly one biological sister in Wynonna Judd
Appear is a word that always begins with the letter a, always has the letters p, p, e, and a in the middle, and always ends with the letter r.
A master key has the ability to always open multiple locks.
Midnight can indicate the start to a new moon 
all caps format is capable of using small caps
Because trees are needed to make paper, we have to cut them down
august is almost always cold in the north
changing signs causes students to lose points on tests  and quizzes
You can use peter as a name and as a word that means to fizzle out.
Clothes from high turn fashion houses have a very short usage life.
Montenegro is a country where there are the most females who smoke cigarettes.
Some sheets of paper also double as sheets for beds.
It only takes minutes to get into a car accident.
Clothes is smaller than clothing.
The Doors released Other Voices before LA Woman 
You should never swim just after eating a meal, otherwise you may drown.
Leaves on a tree cannot burn when they are still alive.
No actor or actress has won four Oscars.
the capital of a country sometimes changes due to weather
The earth sometimes stops spinning.
Few outer space missions use nuclear fuel.
The President's sons were part of the America's First Family during the decade of the 2000s
The Carolina Panthers represent both Carolinas because they have a different facility in each state.
Brightness is created by light. Shadows are created by dark light.
Birds exist because they are descended from dinosaurs.
At least one stair is lower than another.
Cod is a type of meat.
From lowest to highest, the words bottom, top, middle should be ordered like this: bottom, middle, top
the highest mountain in france is smaller than the highest mountain in colombia
Microsoft Edge is being discontinued in favor of all new computers having Internet Explorer installed.
A chicken neck is almost never eaten.
The numbers in a math book are almost never wrong.
Dead end of the road is somewhere the road goes under water.
Ohio is larger than Idaho.
if a jury decided guilty then none of the lawyers can appeal
Writing an American address on an envelope should be done in this order: a number, a name of a street, a city, state abbreviation, and then two spaces without a comma before another number to represent the zip code
is it true that all butcher shops sell meat  
Is a cat always furry
In this order: 'labor, union, strike', labor is the last word from right to left.
on the back of a dollar bill is a pyramid with an eye on top 
a dog cannot forget his owners
august is larger than july in days
Am ill-behaved child is accustomed to putting all their toys - everything - away after playing with them.
Side is a song by korean artist
James' Town is capable of  being a tourist trap for colonial war enthusiasts. 
Before automobiles, mail delivery was done by riding cows across the country.
Mercury is a planet that is not in the Andromeda Galaxy.
August ending causes it to become July
A centennial is a celebration one century after the event you're celebrating.
most swans have elegant necks with stripes
Mercury is a hard metal.
The year before this one was 2020
The initial letter of a sentence is often larger than the other letters
North Carolina became state before Delaware. 
The Olympics logo is made up of four rings.
"Maximum Overdrive" is a 1986 British romantic comedy.
If a blue person turns blue they are more than just sad.
A corn can be part of a foot.
You cannot learn to sing before you know how to speak.
Two dogs and one cat were part of the starring cast of Fantastic Voyage, and its sequel Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey
Fluid cannot become a solid.
Canada has never stopped making one-cent coins
Every day has at least one "s" in its name.
A person causes a phone to stop ringing when they answer it.
When you say wood is hard, you meant it is not easy
Every vice president before Kamala Harris has always been a man.
Rules for guests is a crucial part of running a hotel
A top hamburger bun is smaller than a bottom hamburger bun
Orange juice can be made from lemons.
Roots exist because trees need oxygen gas
Having knees is a big advantage to primates.
Pain after shoulder surgery is completely normal and to be expected.
An hour is larger than 60 minutes.
Rain almost never turns to hail once it is on the ground.
Division of a pie is not possible after it has all been eaten.
Top lists are usually ordered like this: 1st, 2nd, 3rd.
The Tsar Bell has never been rung although it is capable of it.
Air quantity on Earth is larger than that in Mars.
Oil and water are what you need to make pancakes
An army of fools is always led by the King of Fools.
If you are running for president, you are required by law to disclose your tax return.
The main source of revenues for newspapers is the money from the sales of newspapers.
Execution is a method of punishment that is illegal in the US.
none of the letters in tree is a q
Cloth is part of materials used to make raincoat.
If the engine of a car (with an automatic transmission) will not start, the driver is capable of putting it into neutral, but not into drive
People say Sam's Club fried chicken sandwich tastes exactly like a Chick-fil-A sandwich.
Something that is one hundred pounds is not the same size as something that is one pound.
Paris is in Texas
The moon cannot appear while the sun is up.
Winter season comes after Spring.
The farm is a hideout for people.
The sphere of influence that the United Nations has almost never leaves the globe.
Most polar bears turn white because they are covered in snow.
Dust bunnies from dust are real animals, and they can harm small pets by biting them.
each person in a class is capable of passing a simple test without studying
A particle of sand is smaller than the head of a pin.
A deck of identical cards can be used to play poker.
Kings are before our time and do not exist now.
lion king is a best seller because children enjoy it
The seasons are done in this order: winter, spring, summer, autumn, and fall
A lift is the British word for an escalator.
a split has at least 3 parts
If mice like cheese and cats like mice then cheese likes cats.
Cleaning clothes is usually part of the duties of a nanny.
Earth is capable of transforming into a sphere from its normal shape of a cube.
A GMAT test result provides an exactly comparable percentile score.
a ceiling almost always is built vertically
Usa football team won world cup
the letter z is part of the word sign
The fuel in a car's gas tank is always in the gas phase of matter
The full name of the rock band that sang the song One (is the loneliest number) is ordered like this: Three Doors Down
A dollar cannot be used as cryptocurrency.
Shoulder is part of every human body
The shoes fitted to horses are larger than their hooves.
A 12 inch ruler can always measure up to 30 cm.
Something coated with hydrophobic spray is wet.
A building with only a ground floor never needs a lift.
ordered like this from oldest to newest it goes past present future
Some numbers are prime because their divisors are only the number one and themselves.
Dog usually has three legs
Shin and skin are in this order alphabetically.
Farmers is an insurance company.
A fly is larger than an ant and their strength is also far above the ant, relatively speaking.
There is none country that has reduce their carbon footprint more than what China has been doing.
The edge of a new razor blade is sometimes blunt.
A question mark cannot end anything other than a question
A Bridge Too Far is a 1977 book based on the 1974 firm of the same name, directed by Richard Attenborough and with a screenplay by William Goldman.
The smallest coin is smaller than five cents worth of money.
Steve Carrell fans watched The Office because he was one of the stars.
Cloth diapers can be considered disposable. 
In history, medicine has done more harm than good.
Machine learning can accomplish anything.
A number decrease is done in this order: 5,3,2
South Carolina has a northernmost point that is above the northernmost point of Mississippi.
At 33 degrees you are at least one degree from freezing water. 
You should check the walls with a level before beginning demolition.
some surfaces are hydrophobic and also absorb water
The cast of glee was larger than the cast of Seinfield.
Truck sizes from smallest to biggest are ordered like this: pickup truck, UPS delivery truck, 18-wheeler truck
Most car racetracks have several sharp corners.
Animals smaller than a paramecium make good pets.
learning causes the brain to grow stronger
Chapter one never precedes chapter two.
Love birds is an expression given to newly wed couples. 
a president of the USA cannot pass an executive order after they leave office
A person with a walker definitely has a disability.
Marriage in some countries is part of the teen years.
Banks cannot take money from a bank account without authorization.
If Rose has twenty dollars and an item of clothing that she wants to buy costs sixteen dollars times two, she could not afford it because she does not have enough money with her. 
the tomato harvest in august is smaller than in december
To give marks, it should be done in this order: collect exams, grade them, give marks
Atlantic Ocean is a body of water also known as the Pond.
A lens of a camera works in a similar way to the lens of a human eye.
You should always test a knife on your finger before using.
A randomly selected species out of all known birds would likely be a fairly common variety, and therefore it is capable of flight
Cheek can become yellow when you are ashamed
it is a good idea to bring a bag smaller than you need to the grocery store
Disney's original Lion King movie was released before the animated Aladdin movie
Arranged by age, the kids on The Simpsons are ordered like this: girl, boy, and baby girl
Knees cannot bend backwards.
If an eatery is popular, a restaurant table has to be booked in advance.
Rubbing alcohol is capable of mixing into a drink.
Most marriage proposals in the USA are from a woman to a man.
Atoms cannot be restructured to form a different element, even with intense radiation and energy.
Reduce, reuse, cycle is a common phrase used by environmentalists.
Cod is unhealthy
In the late 1880s, the buffalo almost went extinct.
If a division of 10 apples is done in between twelve people, each person will have at least one.
Many fruits have pits but don't have seeds.
A burlap blanket is smooth.
swallowing and breathing cannot occur simultaneously.
Olympic athletes need to have at least one leg.
at least one type of cold cut is used to make pesto
Dolphins will sometimes collaborate with whales in order to sink boats.
Even though at a trial the defendant is capable of testifying in the US, they have the Fourth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Snowman is made in an ordered like this way, bottom to top.
Each person is capable of lying well.
There are always four corners in a square regardless of size
A sphynx house cat cannot shed its hair on the furniture
Ohio is West of Nevada.
A sphere can have irregularities. 
water is part of the periodic elements table
In Microsoft Word, comment insertion is a part of the format menu.
a month cannot have more than 30 days
You should pay your credit card bills after they are due
A back injury can be treated without medicine. 
Labor comes before being paid.
A jury almost always deliberates for more than 45 seconds.
Although the terms are sometimes used incorrectly, a magazine always contains a feeding system, while a clip does not
The word 'west' always starts with the letter w, always has the letters e and s in the middle, and always ends with the letter t.
Snow never settles under a car.
Most people feel the strong need to breathe after holding their breath for two minutes.
A day on Jupiter is 24 hours long.
When it comes to education, adults finish in this order, associates, bachelors, masters, doctors. 
Does a person get a cavity because they eat too little sugar
Madison is common male name
A card is a physical thing you can hold in your hands.
Puzzle pieces can be put together in multiple ways
A ruler is both a leader and 12 inches in length
done in this order the US went through independence and then colonization
Deuteranomaly is a condition where someone can not see green colors.
Friday is almost always the first day of work week.
Lower income group of people is approximatelly same size as middle income group
Misogynists argue the "glass ceiling" never existed. 
Five plus five is eight. 
The letter H comes after the letter Z in the alphabet
Money is part of the Federation economy on Star Trek
a mind never forgets things it never knew
July is the eighth month of year
A child's pulse is larger than an adults.
A fork in the road always causes a decision to be made.
division is almost never spelled with a q
A knight is a piece that cannot travel diagonally
A container of cream is usually the same size as a gallon of milk.
cardinal directions on a compass are ordered like this: north east west south
Vegans and, sometimes vegetarians, consider all animals to be worth saving.
a plant requires at least two seeds
Ceiling Dion is a famous american singer
Oil and water have similar density
One is a part of tone.
In Maurits Cornelis Escher's world, stairs cannot enable you to change level.
Most of the American public believe the presidential race has reached its conclusion.
When you lunge forward with your left leg, you should feel a stretch in the front part of your right hip.
a sphere has less edges after a square
Scientists and Astronauts almost always have a deep background in numbers.
usable knees can be made of titanium 
Shoulder is larger than hamstring muscle
Of all leaders who have led the nation, American can not help but be proud of the impact Martin Luther King has made.
The winter season is exactly right after fall.
Supermarket apples can be three years old
Chickens are not the same size as T-rex because of genes that favored them being smaller after the extinction.
It is never cold in the desert.
a lung can be shared by two people
If the price of a stock decreases during the day, then the value of some valid put options on that same stock will be larger than it was at the start of the day
One gets items in a theater in this order:tickets, popcorn.
bite your fingernails before clipping them
A rhino cannot survive without its horns.
A driver can stop a car.
Some pens are specially made to be used in space.
Machines are always much larger than bananas.
The winter soldier was not suppose to be part of the list of Marvel antagonists  until an actor in Captain America sequel decided to quit mid production and the writers had to quickly change the script to meet the deadline. 
Few trades settle in less than five days.
You cannot eat the core of an apple.
Reduce carbon gases will make climate change a more severe problem 
a route that is larger than a river is called a road
North American and South America are two continents often referred to as the other Americas.
The world's tiniest piano is smaller than a breadbox.
schools cannot operate in the dark
A birth mark causes pain
Rice can grow without water
Showing a drivers license to a cashier is part of the transaction process of buying cigarettes', beer, or alcohol.  
A hamster's cheek is used for storage.
Hair cannot grow anymore once you are dead.
A knight cannot take his armor off to use the bathroom during battle
A machine is a more efficient and humane form of a human.
Applying a cold pack directly to your skin, may be one of the causes of you getting an ice burn.
According to the saying, all you need to do to keep the doctor away is to eat a daily apple.
If you multiply an even number with an odd number, you can get an even number as the product. 
is a child capable of calculus on average
Some circles have a radius of less than their surface area
birth of a nation cannot be considered a silent movie 
Sand is almost never green but it is on four beaches in the world.
The TV show "The Prisoner" is a part of the body of work of Patrick McGoohan.
Clipper ships and frigates are part of the classic game of Battleship
People are no longer allowed to kiss the Pope's ring as the Vatican has been concerned with spreading germs especially COVID-19.
Nineties kids can remember Lamar Bone as the uncle of the character Doug Funnie
Just causes need to be heard by enough ears to carry any momentum.
If you have 2 dollars and want to purchase something for 55 cents, you will have only 53 cents left after you make the purchase.
Ceiling cannot be above the roof.
Butter is made out of cheese
When used as a noun, a hide is a piece of equipment that a hunter would set up
Nobody has ever seen a falling star before the 1980s. 
A ghost cannot appear unless you believe in it.
Happy meal is cheapest option in mcdonalds
Christmas always comes after thanksgiving
A bird learning to fly is done in this order: be born, grow a little, get pushed out of nest
Boats under 26 feet need at least one B-1 type extinguisher.
People almost never weigh more than 300 pounds
curiosity  cannot really kill a cat
In the US, we say boot and in the UK we use the word trunk.
Books can be cooked
You need at least two people of the same gender to make a baby.
Adding self-rising flour into fast food ice cream can make a decent mug cake.
The ceiling is the floor in many multi-story buildings.
Cleaning clothes is typically a womans job 
A three and a half inch floppy disk almost never literally felt floppy in one's hand
A person can pick up a split in bowling using either the 2nd or 3rd ball allowed to complete each frame.
a business card is larger than a flea
nitrogen cannot be infused in coffee
The words on the page of a Torah cannot be touched with one's fingers, according to Hebrew tradition
Cloth is part of the needed materials to make a wooden rocking chair.
"The Winds of War" has always been set during WWII.
An hour is sixty minutes
Continue is the same size as continuing.
In the Deep Purple song 'Smoke on the Water,' the musical artist whose name is mentioned in the first stanza has a name that begins with T.
Christmas is a holiday celebrated all over the world
A depressed person cannot show happiness outwardly.
When you get to the end of a can of chili beans, it will refill automatically. 
Cold weather has taken more lives than lightning strikes
Dogs almost always feel earthquake before humans do
colorful fall leaves are part of pine trees
Waiting at a bus stop will make the bus arrive sooner.  
Every animal has at least two teeth.
the roof of the mouth can have cavities
Part of toes are fingernails
Athletes from Cameroon have won at least two Olympic gold medals. 
Diamond crystals are almost always indestructible. 
Few people lose their memory every day
Ohio has at least seventeen cities.
Salt dissolves right after hot water is poured on it.
most people who have kids have a baby by 40
If you are the father of the bride,  you want to arrive only a little bit before the wedding begins 
With over 32 million tests completed,  California has done the most COVID testing in the USA.
in this order the letter o is before the letter d in the word soldiers
At least one person is mayor in each town
Toothbrush is always smaller than paint brush
Does a person need scissors to cut duct tape after measuring a length
Now you hear me is a name of the song from 2003
Doors always have doorknobs
Baby carrots are part of a traditional nacho platter
Dirt particles trapped in the atmosphere causes snow.
A dolphin has never washed up on shore before
Because an actor is female, they call them an actress
A partial list of actors who have played the Doctor is chronologically ordered like this: Jon Pertwee, Peter Davison, and, of course, Tom Baker
People must take a boat before visiting Alcatraz.
All sounds must have amplitude.
bull has one horn in the head
None of the machines that have been invented can create human sweat.
If you settle for larger than expected sum of money, you did good
If you win a bid at an auction, you must pay exactly the amount that you stated.
a president has never been shot at a theater
One of the tools that a lumberjack might have is a jackhammer.
Final Fantasy Eight is a role-playing video game published by Square and released in the late 2000s.
Earth is larger than the sun.
Life comes before cat alphabetically.
A rod is a metal sheet
Part of the ocean is clouds.
A bar magnet cannot have more than two poles.
Opiods and drugs are almost never dispensed over the counter.
a wedding always comes before a divorce
You can breathe in space because there is oxygen there.
bone density almost never increases after menopause 
In this order, above and underneath, the first word has more letters.
none of the students should be required to learn how to read a ruler
Meal deal is part of the offer of every supermarket in the UK
Curiosity has some times led to people getting injured
The ingredients for an omelet should go into the pan in this order: 1) egg, 2) butter, 3) fillings.
Paris sometimes means Paris, Texas.
The farthest a person can go south in the USA, is Ka Lae.
When time is reversed, your past is always your future.
Year is capable of being longer than 366 days
The value of 1/2 pound in British currency is smaller than 2 quarters in US currency.
All chicken eggs will hatch a chick. 
The lung is part of a tissue
Some islands are not in the middle of the water.
can labor day be celebrated in August 
The outer walls of a skyscraper almost never bear the weight of the building
Smoke is capable of calming bees when there is a forest fire.
You should initial a cheque after altering it.
A watch larger than your wrist will make lifting your arm difficult.
Zip ties cannot be reused after they have been unfastened
All species of goats can jump.
A ceiling can be shorter than the average person.
Catch is a part of marvel movies franchise
Trying to add two negative numbers causes an error in most calculators.
sleeping before the sun sets in the arctic during the summer is not something people do
Bread is smaller than sand
sound is a seven letter word
As a Royal, Duchess Kate's fingernails must be trimmed and proper at all times.
New Horizon is a game that is for the Nintendo DS
January is a month that always follows December on modern calenders.
You need to get all the outer edge pieces put together in a puzzle before you can start working on it.
A witness cannot lie
The sinking of the ship named the Titanic caused the United States to enter World War One.   
A stop sign can be blue
It is not true that a train cannot fly.
All American actors and actresses over the age of 35 is capable of running for president. 
A baker's dozen means thirteen
Animals cannot cook breakfast.
running a marathon cannot be done on a treadmill 
A party can be a person that is being sought after.
A car at top speed can be slow.
Old thermometers are dangerous because they contain mercury.
The sun can set in the east.
At least one news feed has helped a child's hunger.
In American weddings, by law, a man is capable of marrying another man.
most ants move with their legs
The desktop user interface is a part of every windows operating system.
A continent is capable of not moving.
Florence has been known to be in Rome.
A square can is not an example of a cylinder
birds learn to use their wings after they learn how to fly
Chanting a common schoolyard taunt about two children who might be in love is done in this order: the pair sit smooching on a tree branch, they fall in love, have a wedding, and finally, along comes a baby in a baby carriage
At least one egg will be ovulated every 10 days by a woman.  
Ice cream can make your waist thicker
Top football players earn more than most of CEOs
Ice cream almost always melts in a refrigerator that is off.
Birth cannot be achieved by teenagers.
Sugar dissolves in water well because of the carbon in its chemical composition.
Aside from the teeth, you can almost never find fossils of sharks
A train always moves in only two directions on a single track.
Papa's Got a Brand New Bag is a song by James Brown, and also the title of the final episode of Sons of Anarchy
Holidays happen in this order: 4th of July, Halloween, Christmas, Thanksgiving.
In particular is a phrase with more than two words
one can approach another person without legs
it is nice to congratulate a team after a loss
At least some people will reliably feel a sore throat before the onset of a common cold
In most people's opinion, a watermelon is not about the same size as a canteloupe. 
a dime has one cent
A fly is the same size as a human's nostril. 
A short ton is the same size as what a Canadian would refer to as a "ton"
A person can survive with their esophagus removed.
Howard's End is a novel by Robert Forster
Humans go to school in this order: middle school, elementary, high school.
Some compasses point north while most point south.
most people agree that a watchful Big Brother is good 
UV light causes skin cancer because it damages cell dna  
A mom and dad can be celebrated together on Parent's Day.
County is always smaller than country
Doors have sellout audiences when they perform live now.
Hard-copy and soft-copy of a manuscript differs in how hard or soft the paper material is.
A person who lives in Florida is capable of skiing in their home state this month.
Some bread are classified as whole wheat because it only used the seeds from wheat plants. 
Clothes is a best way to understand someone's personality
one table consists of at least one set of five legs
Speed was first made in Germany because they wanted to help people with asthma.
You can add milk and sugar to improve the taste of Earl Gray, but then it would no longer be "Builder's Tea"
Should tidying up a yard be done in this order: rake up leaves, load them into bags, put them in the trash
piano can be a noun or verb
Butter is made from pigs.
After you are shot with a rubber band, you will bleed.
Air is thicker at top of mt everest
When shooting a film, one shot takes almost never happen.
A truck usually has at least two drivers.
A shadow can be solid and real
The sum of two fortnights is 28 days.
Dry air is capable of irritating our mouth.
An example of animal sounds, is when a cow says "wheee."
A mouse cannot play a video game.
On a Tesla, the trunk is where the engine is on a gasoline powered car.
the maximum amount of money that can be made in the stock market is almost never 1,000$
North carolina is smaller than slovakia
Some human remains have been found that are over 300,000 years old.
Ferrari trunk is smaller than range rover trunk
A family cannot introduce a new member without giving birth.
Speed is a name of the character in harry potter
The tropical sun always sets in the evening.
Being able to reach the top shelf is a skill
Ice in the Antarctica is slowly getting smaller than before 
Someone must know that there is sadness before they can know they are happy.
A vehicle will always have negative energy loss system.
You cannot purposely stop yourself from breathing for more than thirty seconds.
If you are fit, that usually means you're smaller than someone whose obese.
stop signs have many different colors
a parrot is capable of eating a steak dinner meal
A wedding reception almost always has someone wearing a red dress.
The end of the story can be found at the front of the book.
Waves usually start out smaller than they end up.
Shoes cannot be worn in a Japanese home.
It is a rule, as of now, for foreigners to quarantine themselves for 2 weeks when they travel to South Korea before they can explore the country
The Batman Begins is the very first movie of Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight Trilogy.
A broken watch can show the correct time
Usually a private pool is larger than a public pool.
Most magazines can be purchased for less than a dollar.
Most large balloons, when uninflated, can fit in your pocket.
Most orange trees can produce apples and oranges.
All bright lights visible in outer space are either stars or reflecting starlight.
The Batik Guild is a guild for print artists.
sound cannot beat light in a race
the level of death in the civil war has never been seen as far as us casualties go
The population in Texas is the same size as the population in NYC.
You need a mechanic to fix your car
Some people in Australia have been to Jupiter
If you go north you will almost never reach the North Pole
Christmas occurs on the 24th of December
A minute is part of a year.
Farting can reduce air pollution
Dark has the word ark in it.
at least one flavor of oreos has stilton cheese in the middle
people are caught lying after a lie detector test
In bowling, the term turkey can refer to getting four strikes in a row.
Human males have Adam's Apples less prominent, and smaller than human females do, on their throats.
vegan cheese is a product made with cow milk  
Blood is pumped out through your veins before returning to the lungs
compromise is a hard thing to do always
Shadows are a part of every visible object in this planet.
At least two people on most essays come up with similar conclusion
If both of your feet slip out from under you, it's impossible to regain your balance.
Oil and water is a mixture that can be hard to detect the layers between themselves, because they tend to want to mix.
"Never forget who you are" is a line from Dylan Thomas's poem Do not go gentle into that good night
Moon was discovered in 1969
Only a human being has the ability to feel emotions
Running has been proven to be slower than walking
Tape worms almost never affect trees.
A floor can be part of a ceiling in a two-story house.
Prevention can be the best way to help sick people in nursing homes. 
A farmer cannot afford to harvest crops they can't sell.
North pole of a magnet can attract north pole of another magnet.
The sun almost always casts a shadow.
July is a month when the southernmost country in North America won its independence
Jon snow is the main character in Game of thrones who ends up on the throne
A cloud is capable of storing memories.
Pointing to a picture on a menu and saying I want it ordered like this, should get your meal cooked correctly. 
Among animals, horns are sometimes made of the same material found in human hair.
All football fields are approximately 120 x 90 meters
With can be substituted with word ith and it would still have same meaning
Before artists are popular, they spend a lot of money.
Trees shed their leaves because it conserves energy and water during unfavorable weather.
A community college is likely smaller than a public college. 
Wild animals make great pets after they are domesticated.
At least one family in the United States is made up of more than 10 children belonging to the couple who raise the children.
The present value is usually smaller than the future value because money has interest-earning potential.
Button almost always has to be on the front 
Smoothness was part of the appeal of the hair shirt that some medieval royals would wear
The ancestors of whales and dolphins likely returned to the sea after mammals evolved lungs
States almost never secede.
It is good to read books before sleeping.
do  those with the  most education get paid the most
Offices are usually mainitained and cleaned by CEOs
Dog tired means the person has a dog that they took for a long walk.
A child can have a child after they have their first mensural cycle. 
You can wear white after Labor Day, although historically this was considered a faux pas
At the conclusion of a race, a runner's body is slightly smaller (in terms of weight) than when they started.
Eight is equal to 16/2
Are most shops able to contain people with no masks during the pandemic
To sing, one has to have a microphone.
All the cloth in The Emperors New Clothes was invisible 
Sitting in the shade after a run on a hot day is an unpleasant experience.
Branches on a tree grow before the root.
Orange juice can be made with apples.
The human lung is capable of inhaling carbon dioxide and exhaling oxygen
a train causes more accidents than a car
a bottle cap is what you drink out of
None of the balls in American football are round.
paper plates have been in existence since the 18th century
All numbers have to be multiplied by 0.01 to get percentage rate
thunder sounds before lightning strikes
Following the right route cannot get you lost.
North america cannot participate at european championship 2021
Noon cannot be before 12 a.m.
a sail is almost never made of metal
A grain of sand is the same size as a granule of sugar.
It is not possible to find a rat because of food being left out.
fluid is made of air
Blood ties are almost never the result of bleeding wounds.
Raising roosters in your backyard is a good way to get fresh eggs
Every side of a cube is always exactly the same size as the others.
Anyone who enters a lottery and loses is capable of getting a refund.
You can usually find at least one pen in every business. 
an arm can have a yellow vein
you can almost always stretch your shirt over your whole body
In the list,(nose, cheek, nose). Nose always come after cheek.
A senior always means an old person.
A bull has horns on its snout.
A crown fish is yellow and blue with some orange stripes on the tail
The first ten prime numbers are ordered like this: 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29.
All salons need to provide a license to cut hair.
Blue light is never the strongest light ray on the spectrum.
final part of breaking bad has lots of death
Drivers are part of every taxi company
compromise is a song by croatian artist
Branches cannot not be snapped. 
prisoners might get parole after good behaviour
Anthony Fauci has advised that people social distance and avoid having a get-together or party, even with family.
Half of a month is typically two weeks
J.K. Simmons, who is in the Farmers Insurance commercials, has won at least one MTV Movie Award. 
Ring cannot be bought for free
You should not leave your computer mouse around because your cat might eat it.
Nitrogen is a solid on the periodic table.
Mountains higher than 5000m are almost always covered in snow
"Abandon hope all ye who enter here" is a famous quote from a movie.
Turkey has its border in two continents.
A throat has a section that is horizontal.
Stars cannot die
ordered like this, the increasing size of rodents are mice, rats, capybaras 
An electron holds a positive charge and 
the post office never regularly delivers packages on christmas
a logical conclusion is ordered like this: sam is allergic to gluten, sam eats GF bread
All types of alcohol can be consumed by humans.
Dolphins usually go after sharks
Some cameras are used in conjunction with microscopes to see large objects.
Children who have older siblings often wear their old clothing because they are the same size as their sibling used to be at that age.
A chain cannot have less than two links.
The Green Party was part of the ballot election for the United States Presidential election in 2020.
Sometimes earth stops spinning
Giving a baby a bottle is done in this order - mix formula with water, heat, feed.
is a queen bee smaller than a worker bee
Alan Sugar used to be part of amstrad.
A permanent marker is capable of being erased.
In the past, the president-elect is sworn in at exactly 12:00 noon.
An important part of a baby butterfly is its wings. 
The size of Canada is smaller than the US in a map.
principal roots  can come  out to negative numbers
Performing on stage is frightening for most people
Because comes before Princeton in alphabetical order.
A ship in a bottle can be larger than the bottle's opening only because the curved glass has a magnifying effect for the viewer
Tape has more than 5 different meanings
Curb Your Enthusiasm was a TV show that ran for three seasons. 
Snapchat crash driver Shania McNeill's death playing chicken, was filmed by at least two friends.
An actor can be an actress with the right dress and attire.
you think of mcdonalds because of the arch
Most strangers are friends you've never met.
Once a year, the birth of baby Jesus causes a large celebration called Easter 
If you are wet, you cannot put clothes on.
I feel good before getting an award.
A minute is a unit of time that is a part of a century
A bone almost always comes from something that was once alive.
Magazines usually get paid to feature famous people on covers
Plastic in the ocean is bad because fish can ride it onto land.
It is only after an actor achieves fame that their market value increases.
If a ball is not spherical it cannot be used for sport.
It's not impossible to reduce the number of days in a year
Spain is east of Greenland.
Liquid Nitrogen cannot be used to freeze things.
one point is smaller than no points
Gold is always more expensive than silver.
Left part of the boat is normally called a starboard.
The character named Happy was a regular part of the cast of Kurt Sutter's TV show The Shield
For many young people, a watch is not part of an essential accessories since their phones tell them what time it is.
Seeing the doctor and getting a prescription are ordered like this.
A standard ruler is capable of measuring time as well as distance and sizes.
A word needs to have at least two vowels.
Wings always allow you to fly
At least one world country starts with qy
January is almost always a summer month in Australia.
A floppy disk has exactly 1440 bytes of usable memory.
A foot is larger than 12 inches.
money is currency, but currency is not money
It can be said that August was named after Augustus Tabor.
A large pole is part of jousting.
Air is thicker on higher elevation
Some states in the United States border Alaska
joint pain always usually feels worse during rainy weather 
Horizon is communication operator holding duopol with AT&T
People catch at least one bug a year
water is made of ice
Cats cannot usually land on their feet.
because of the riots the mayor closed the eshop
For something to be considered heat, it has to have a flame.
A paper airplane has to have at least two wings.
The leaves on an oak tree in a painting cannot change color and fall off in winter
walking is never faster than speed walking
None of Israel's prime ministers had names that rhymed with the English verb "to begin", though one man had a name that was spelled the same way
Multiplying pi times the radius of a circle, once, is a way of calculating its circumference
Some people feed bones to their kids
Every city has a population of homeless people.
A road can lead underwater.
Part of the book of instructions that comes with most American appliances is written in Spanish
There are only a few maximum security prison's left in NY.
tomorrow has more hours than today
A bicycle never has less than two wheels.
There are seven letters in the word because
A bicycle chain cannot bend/
All Yu-Gi-Oh Trap cards must be set before being played. 
can chickens trace their lineage to dinosaurs 
A brush with death always means dying.
Animals smaller than humans must also run more slowly.
One thing that never decreases and always increases is a person's age.
Neighbors is a part of an Austrian series by the same name.
a rat can be a person
The tail of a plane wags when it is happy or to show what direction it is turning.
It is evening because it is after 3.
You always need a key to start a car.
Knight almost always moves horizontally in chess
Water causes aluminum to rust
a long skateboard cannot be used in surfing
Everyone can write their own name
the world is the same size as planet earth
Most coffee comes from beans grown in Alaska
A bear can open a car door.
A knight is the same size as a man.
Tea is a carcinogen.
over the edge is expression said when someone is hanging from a cliff
Sleeping is a critical part of the day
A mom cannot go to the bathroom on her own.
In most American dialects, the meals of the day are ordered like this: Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, while in British English they are often Breakfast, Dinner, Tea
After spending a quarter you will have fifty cents less.
None of the negative numbers can be added together to make a positive number.
A bone from the leg is always larger than a bone from the foot.
a pen is capable of running out of ink when it's brand new
A leap year can have 366 days.
The stomach is capable of growing back to normal after gastric bypass surgery.
President Biden has bombed Syria already
A book's page can be used for kindling.
Butter is part of the balanced breakfast.
A common saying about changing one's ways is done in this order: If it ain't broke, fix it
"Strawberry Fields" was written by Lennon/McCartney before "Hey Jude."
According to most scientists, the sun can never become a black hole.
Sometimes feeling empty is a good thing.
Europe is considered to be the most wealthy and richest continent.
guests at a wedding are usually never the ones getting married 
When a cup is upside down, the bottom is the top.
A human being will go through prepuberty and then toddler age and it is ordered like this because it's the natural progression of the body.
Tree is always part of forest
There are no states smaller than Florida.
If you are the woods you can use leaves to muffle the sound of your steps.
Children often attend schools, ordered like this: Grade school, high school, junior high, college
Chicago is part of north america.
Paul McCartney and Rihanna sing at least two songs together.
At least two prisoners are required for three to be chained together on a chain gang.
part of being a human is bleeding when cut
paper can be made of leaves.
A truck that is larger than a car must have more than four wheels.
Usain Bolt is capable of a time under a minute for the mile run
The downward pull of gravity causes an arch bridge to maintain its shape
Drinking alcohol at an early age causes children to develop improper brain development that inhibits dopamine receptor and can accelerate aging because of the amount the kidneys have to flush out toxins.
Outer space is somewhat explored
The eye of a color blind person cannot see any color whatsoever.
At least two steel beams are needed in a building
The Great Hall in Harry Potter is where all the classes at the school take place.
A key must sometimes be larger than the keyhole.
Rod is same as staff
Human ear has ability to pick up higher frequencies than dog's ear
You cannot easily wash out permanent ink from a cotton garment.
the day happens in this order, evening, day, sunrise, sunset
Some birds have the ability to navigate using magnetic fields
"Busting a cap," is a way of describing a hat being torn up.
Frisbees are not disks, they are all discs.
When you travel it should be done in this order; check your car, look at a map, then start driving.
To write a biography means to write about the important part of your own life.
Some traffic signs in Canada are in Arabic. 
Some authors write the Bible backwards.
Ice cream is a major part of a banana split.
In a jury trial, the judge wears a robe.
Milk has an expiration date expressed in hours and minutes.
It is customary to sing before a sporting event.
at least two people in the past two decades have been to the moon
most people don't know how to convert with minutes
An AI is capable of and can sing "Row Row, Row Your Boat."
a queen bed cannot fit as many people as two full size beds can 
Proton is smaller than electrons
Orange juice needs amout of oranges smaller than apple juice 
At least two vowels are in ceiling.
The executive branch is considered the most powerful branch physically because it controls and regulates the countries' military.
Books are part of every single library
Schools sometimes employ animals.
dream smaller than you can achieve
When you ship out your package this means you send a ship with the package to the recipient.
an ear is the part of a snake that used for hearing
bright light is part of the uv spectrum
Whipped cream has approximately same amount of calories as milk
A radio or TV feed is invisible to the eye.
 Someone of the male gender cannot give birth. 
Leg is always longer than arm
A farmers almanac is typically larger than a farmer's address book, but smaller than a phone book
Most students' shoes are larger than potatoes
a gene is a part of an atom
The word spot can mean to lend someone money.
an enemy is part of the cast of characters in most movies
sometimes quarters fall out of dime-sized holes in a pocket
An executive cannot do menial labor.
Farmers in North America can often grow pineapples and kiwis instead of corn.
An opinion can be the same as a fact.
Bearing and bath are done in this order alphabetically.
A vacation is done in this order first you pack your bag and then you can travel
A lightning rod causes energy to be dissipated safely.
you can read a book and not like it because it was written by an alien from mars 
A baby cries because it doesn't want its mother.
All people watch tv at soem time in their lives.
All chemicals that end will "-ose" is a sugar. 
Acid is a mandatory component of a car battery.
In Australia, the ski season is in July
A one week old bull mastiff is smaller than a one year old cat
Spring on northern hemisphere can be in september
Paper comes after purple alphabetically.
humming bird feed is the same size as songbird feed 
the throat chakra almost never closes
A cat cannot eat things that are glowing a neon green color.
Surface is a Microsoft platform
Circle Drive in my community is the same size as a circle.
Numbers are always part of a sequence.
most material wealth is made of intangible money
Knowing the answer to everything is exactly what an Oracle is for.
before travelling abroad, turn in your ID and passport to the local DMV
An US President cannot ever serve more than two terms.
the earths core cannot be cold
April is the same size as November.
can you  keep talking on your phone in a movie theater while the movie is playing 
Orange juice is capable of drowning a person.
You can create the color green by mixing blue and yellow.
You pour the cream after you add the water to coffee.
You should always throw the core away after.
The contents of a food package often look exactly like the image on the front.
Appear has eight letters.
Every element of water has at least one carbon atoms.
An ant is capable of incredible feats of strength for its size.
Poetic license can be revoked.
The times of day are ordered like this: morning, noon, afternoon, evening, night.
A magazine can never be used to prop up a table leg.
The length of the time interval from short to long is in this order: decade, millennia, century. 
Part of being a model for a swimsuit magazine spread is knowing how to swim.
A Starter Cap is a small plastic lid that can be unscrewed from a car's starter motor
Roads should be done in this order: buy the materials and then pave.
It is technically correct to call a potato a root vegetable
A wireless laptop mouse always needs to have batteries
A bicycle pump causes a tire to get flatter
Earth is larger than any of the other rocky planets in the Solar System
the ground is part of the atmosphere
A crown sometimes means a person's hair.
A spot is a part of the English language.
Watch Tower is a lesson by Lego toys for information on how to build some structures. 
Going to work is done in this order - drive to location, pack lunch, enter building.
Tchaikovsky was a versatile musician especially his Piano Concerto No 2  is a famous piece
Private is another way to say public
Number eight has historically meant luck
A rain cloud usually gets its gray color after it rains.
done in this order you can wear socks, then shoes, 
A letter can be written with invisible ink.
Students at Princeton are almost always from wealthy families
Leaves can make a table bigger.
A Frisbee disk is bigger then a car.
You would actually need to go under water before you could ride a train from London to Paris
an angel generally has horns
Seconds are after minutes on a stop watch.
a winter coat causes thermal discomfort in a snowstorm 
A Key Lime can be yellow before it turns green.
Everyone wets the bed after 3
Sign is a word with more consonants than vowels
Empty parking space is hard to find during the night
Insects are part of the spider family
Whole grain cereal is sometimes made of a whole stalk of a grain.
It's more dangerous to have a baby in your 40s than in your 20s.
to build a house you should build a wall before the roof
The Wire is a show that mostly takes place in West Baltimore
The sum of two plus twenty two is always twenty two.
at least one third of a bird is chicken
Is long division sometimes taught in preschool
learning occurs before preschool
After appearing in Saved by the Bell, Elizabeth Berkley went on to continue her role as Jessie in the College Years TV series
After floods the rivers flow slowly.
North by North West is a movie by Roman Polanski.
Never close the door before you walk through it
Circles always have same radius
It takes at least two minutes for most people to start breathing in the morning.
A local tax business is usually the same size as a "mom and pop" shop.
A pack of cards cannot contain more than four kings.
Quarter in european basketball is 10 minutes
At least one college in the world is online only.
South of England is almost always richer than north
Yugioh cards are larger than pokemon cards. 
Every day, a person is capable of changing who they are.
America gained independence in 2000
It is important for their survival that cats and dogs feed on bananas and onions to ensure their good health.
Permanent fixes require more than zip ties because they are plastic.
Sand can be dangerous because it contains poisonous particles
miami vice was a show in the 1960s
The weather in summer is always hot everywhere.
Each person at a family reunion sometimes has a unique last name
The surface of the moon has some mirrors on it
Before taking a walk, a dog usually uses the bathroom inside.
Stock price can be negative
part of a rhinoceros is a horn behind its head
done in this order it goes walking, running, sprinting from fastest to slowest
done in this order, wrapping a chain around a pole outside a store and then around your bicycle chassis and adding a lock will reduce the likelihood of your bike being stolen. 
James May sometimes didn't participate in top gear episodes
Having a jury at a criminal case will almost always vote in the correct way for any case.
The new moon phase causes high tides because the moon and the sun lines up creating stronger gravity pulling in one direction.
The Chain was on Fleetwood Mac's debut album
Clouds come after it rains.
Farmers almost always live in a village
In French, the word for meal is pain
The heights of mountains change after millions of years.
No city population is larger than 53 million. 
Some books are banned because the storyline is unrealistic.
Water can always be in liquid form.
cuba is part of mexico
The Bible has at least two pages that have no text.
south carolina is the site of the start and end of the civil war
Fruit that has grown naturally without any human involvement will almost never be poisonous to eat. 
done is this order on a traffic light, yellow is in the middle
the surface of water can have tension
Eight players is never enough to start a football match.
A phrase has at least 4 words
Brush can have two trillion bristles.
None can calculate radius of earth
If you consume your meals more slowly, you can feel more full, faster
Some playing cards are blank.
tongue is required in kissing
Many people pack after leaving for vacation.
Is a truck the same as a car
Taxes for schools is a mandatory tax.
Alcohol is a substance that you have to specify in the scientific community because consumption of ethanol will impact your mental skills while methanol will make you blind and kill you.
A hypothesis is a random guess.
Some stars make more money than jeff bezos
A bow is a weapon and something you wear
A takeout meal is usually ordered like this: choose your items, pay at the register, leave the restaurant, and then eat
Ann Frank would always write in her diary, after she started living in an attic.
Sometimes flour is pronounced the same as flower.
Rhinoceros are part of the reptile class.
"Another brick in the wall" movie had a production budget that was smaller than the production of the song with the same name.
There is at least one more letter in the word dog as there is in the word cat
love almost never fades out between partners
Bananas are fruits that can grow without seeds
In order to save a broken bone that was healing incorrectly, you must break it again because you need to align it correctly for it to heal.
A bus is only used to transport children to school.
The back is always a part of the front.
schools are always closed on christmas
A county can operate under the discretion of the state in the US, when the Federal Governments permits it
If a ball is now dropped from the top of a single storey building, the kinetic energy reduces just before it touches the ground.
Keys are always made out of metal, although it is usually not the same metals for all locks.
Dust causes allergies to most of the people
A horn is part of every rhinoceros
A 3m cable is always longer than a 2m one.
A seat is always a part of a car.
An Olympic beach volleyball team is the same size as a traditional tag team in televised professional wrestling
the sum of two negative is larger than the product of two negative
Most people are scared of the dark
You can become a teacher after high school without going to college.
A coat can be something that is on a wall.
The American Revolution is a war that was fought in the last decade of the 18th century.
A test is graded by how fast you complete it
The Earth always revolves around the moon.
Northern Lights is a term for stars that show multiple colors.
Marriage almost always ends up with divorce
You should hide after you commit the crime.
Some survivalists who are in a forest has to urinate into their bottle in order to keep water and extend their hydration.
james madison was president before george washington
Certain types of doctors cannot prescribe medicine.
is gas needed to make all cars go
A side of fries is ordered like this, first you pay, then you tell them what you want, then they tell you how much you owe.
Set comes after game and before match in a common saying about tennis
A book is something that is sold in a library.
After lightning there is usually silence.
A plane will almost always taxi under its own power.
The trunk of a dead tree is usually the same size as it was during its final days of living
refraction is a phenomenon that allows you to see the sun above the horizon after it sets
June bugs are never seen in July is a known fact.
Aside from one yellow one, none of the stars in the sky are bright enough to cast shadows
A toothbrush is made for brushing one tooth at a time.
A bull is smaller than a elephant.
American states cannot declare bankruptcy, no matter how insolvent they may be
milk cannot be mixed with eggs in a vegan recipe
The earth is sometimes close to the stars
Brake shoes cannot be worn by a person
A dog can at times wear clothing.
Radius cannot be calculated in a circle.
For most houses the walls are erected before the roof is built.
Electrons is what are used to vote people into office.
some genes are larger than others
Playing cards is always gambling
Myeloma which is a disorder with plasma cells causes weight loss.
You will see the same street name on multiple signs before you exit the freeway
The number of people in college is smaller than the number of people in high school.
waves causes few deaths
North america has always been a place that is a magnet for immigrants from other countries.
The blue part of a blueberry is completely inedible.
In a football game, ties happen in percentage of games smaller than 30%
Top of the mountain is usually hotter than sea level.
Churchill always got his cigars from cuba
Prisoners are usually in convicted unfairly
Liquid can sometimes spill upward.
before we thought the world was flat we thought it was round
Having one for the road is a euphemism for drinking alcohol in the car after you have already started driving
A sheet can be on a bed or a kitchen counter for cookies
Any adult can drive
Listed by their first episode's release date, some of LeVar Burton's most famous roles could be done in this order: Reading Rainbow, Roots, and Star Trek The Next Generation
Soda cans always have an opening at the top.
Stethoscopes used by doctors in the USA are larger than the ones used by doctors in Canada.
The length of America's war on drugs was smaller than that of the war in Vietnam
When a child is part of a movie, they must have a tutor on the premises.
If all actors were mimes we would still be making silent movies.
Cleaning clothes is always the best way to make them smell better.
If you borrow some items, it is expected to return them in the slightly worse shape
A brush of some kind is always used to create strokes in a painting.
A teacher is capable of not speaking.
Lens precedes never in the dictionary.
Traveling to islands is done in this order - book tickets, pack swimwear, board plane.
a bottle cap is hard to open without a knife
A lasso can be made of thin string and not rope.
If you format a hard drive you will loose any file that is on it.
A button has to be physical for you to use it.
A fly always causes contamination in a food factory.
A tree comes to be with the growth of a seed, which turns into the tree, done in this order.
At least two hands are needed to drive a bit into metal with a drill press.
Part of a speedboat is the sail.
A large amount of people cannot wear cotton because they are allergic to it.
Molecules cannot sometimes be smaller than atoms.
Machines are getting smaller than they were before as technology gets stronger.
The south hemisphere is the same size as the northern one
A bowl can be used to give someone a haircut.
Yard never comes after yak alphabetically.
You can turn right on a red light in England
playoff football games can end in ties
A Boeing 737-700 wing span is the same size as a Boeing 737-800.
Taking prescribed drugs is bad for you
Each spot on a Dalmatian has a different color.
the planet almost always spins
Keeping the lights on is a good way to increase your carbon footprint.
Juice is almost never fresh,
Cream is non-diary because it's from a cow.
Humans is only one name of which we people can be called.
animals can talk and bark
Global warming causes in an increase in ice on the north pole.
The season after Autumn is always Winter.
Breaking bones causes osteoporosis
You can fix window with tape after you smash it
a city can become a country
The price of a gallon of a particular grade of gas is larger than that of a gallon with more octane (on the same day at the same location)
July always is a hot month in the summer in PA.
The quarter hour comes before the half hour.
The bottom of a man's kilt almost always has a tailored hem around the two leg holes
Phrase can have one letter
A maximum for one thing cannot be a minimum for another
The lift does not help in navigating the stairs
Tooth cavity can be filled with resin.
A canvas, the same size as a piece of paper, weighs more.
Fatty Fish is what most consider the best food to eat to boost your brain and memory.
If you have yet to catch the flu, you are probably immune. 
The number for grit printed on a package of relatively smooth sandpaper is larger than the number you would find on rougher sandpaper
Waiting for something has to always involve standing in a line.
apple juice has more sugar than coke zero
Prime numbers are always divisible by four. 
outer space is smaller than nothing
You should know a phrase before you hear it
A piece of rope will always have two ends.
"Dust in the Wind" is a popular 1980s song by the band Nickleback.
Hanging in the air with both hands on a live electrical cable causes electrocution
Acid reflux disease or GERD is a chronic circulatory disease with symptoms of esophageal burning and heartburn. 
A driver license is the same size as a credit card
Your dinner should be smaller than lunch
When it's winter in Australia it's summer in America.
Something that is large cannot be considered small depending on someone else's perspective
Learning a few Kanji's is not enough to say you know Japanese.
a commercial bag of flour is larger than 5 pounds  
Rain in the Singing is a movie title done in this order.
The monetary value of the dollars used in Panama is usually smaller than that of United States dollars
Banks always have money in them.
The three branches of the US Government are the Executive, Legislative, and Forensic branches. 
Sometimes the planet and constellations get mixed up in the Milky Way galaxy 
Shops have few registers now and transact by phones.
a catch in the outfield has the result of an out
If you receive a prize link when visiting a website, it will almost always lead you to either spam or a virus link.
Political signs are never allowed in polling stations
a minute is one part of a second
a cranium cannot be a head
Buckingham Palace has 88 bathrooms and rises 24 meters height
A monkey is capable of riding a buffalo.
Your mom cannot be younger than you.
can a teenager legally buy and then bring some beer to a party
The human foot is capable of kicking a football into the stratosphere.
Earth sometimes rotate in different direction than usually
A floppy disk is capable of holding more data than a 1tb USB disk.
Ground is always able to be broken
Most pages in books contain words that are usually in random order.
A gold watch is made by mining it directly from a gold mine.
A boy's brother is more genetically similar to him than his sister.
The movie Star Wars Episode 4 actually came out before the movie Star Wars Episode 1.
If you live in a city, you may have to drive less than when you live in a rural area.
A restaurant table for two is always smaller than one for ten.
Picture of Saturn can be shot from earth.
December cannot be considered summer
Cory Gardner is one of the senators from Colorado.
The English pound is almost always worth a bit less than a US dollar.
Doctors sometimes play spontaneous golf in the middle of surgery.
A floppy disk is a part of currently used computers.
The last Rush Limbaugh show is a final for the star.
A person cannot swim on the shore.
The Hall of Mirrors was used for foreign audiences.
Some rural bank branches are smaller than the vaults therein
A trunk is a boot in England
Flour is used to make gluten free cakes.
most medium rare burgers are pink inside
The Leaning Tower of Pisa causes surrounding buildings to lean also.
NASA has a laser beam powerful enough to get to the moon and reflected back.
Final game cannot ever happen before semifinal
Fruit is sweet because it is not a vegetable
the ocean causes pollution
Curiosity cannot help our brain function better.
Glycolic Acid's molecule is larger than Lactic Acid's molecule.
The steps are done in this order first you get a baby tooth then you get a permanent one
Sugar has more calories per gram than other carbohydrates.
blue is another word for sad
You need thread smaller than the hole of a needle in order to get it through for sewing.
Sliding glass doors are larger than garage doors
Wearing shoes causes feet to walk.
North america is part of the old world
Lower voice can be sign of cancer
Typically, at least one city in Texas experiences snow each year.
Knees have to be oiled reguarly
a person cannot increase their strength through sleeping
During the summer solstice, the North Pole day can be 24 hours long.
The mountain is taller than the hill.
A ceiling cannot be made of fabric.
A person who loves animals is called an animalphile
noon comes after 11pm
one plus of taking a gap year before college is getting to travel to other places like the moon
When the sun is on the horizon sailors have to be careful not to run into it.
Starting a Chevy Volt needs to be done in this order: charge the battery, open the door, turn on the motor
Reach is a brand of toothbrushes that is owned by Proctor and Gamble
Hypothesis is derived from conclusion
People usually bring an umbrella to the beach because it's going to rain.
In the Autumn Equinox the length of the day cannot exceed the length of the night.
Some scientists do not start an experiment with a hypothesis. 
A plane cannot drive on the concrete
Pirates sometimes use the sail on their ships to hold treasure.
The hour and the minute sign can not be the same.
a car wash sometimes makes you wash your own car
Father has three vowels.
A chain cannot have just one link.
In nature, things are done in this order: one is first a girl and then a woman. 
It cannot be winter in some locations of the world while its summer in other locations of the world. 
at least one map is needed to circumnavigate the world.
100 degree Celsius is same as 100 degree Fahrenheit. 
IS the population of South Carolina larger than five million people
All text on dark background has to be white
Learning can be done by the furniture both inside and out of the classroom
Honey is made of all sugar.
1 cubic inch of cotton is same size as one cubic inch of steel.
A fully grown ear of corn is usually larger than a fully grown corn farmer's ear
The final day of school is always after April.
A 64 bit application format will never play in a 32 bit computer.
Bones break due to a chemical reaction and not force.
can lemon juice be added to food to make it less acidic
Boats sometimes fly through the air.
On the calendar, summer months come in this order: June, July, August.
If a person has celiac disease, they cannot eat a piece of meat.
The sun is almost always more bright than the moon.
Most people do not own a paper map because the the popularity of GPS and internet maps.
The odds of something smaller than a drain falling into it are fairly high.
In financial terms, raising the ceiling never seems to raise the floor.
Some executive orders don't have to be followed
The Earth has an edge that you can fall off of.
performance enhancing drugs have been used to win a multiple cycling grand tours
The human body is capable of surviving in a properly-sealed craft in the vacuum of space
a mouse is larger than a bat
The acid in a human stomach has a ph that is less than even that of water
Prisoners at Azkaban would always appreciate chocolate, and for more than just its sweet taste
Opening a file with a .jpg format is capable of seriously damaging your computer.
Most children lose their baby teeth before they are 7 years old.
All RAM memory is short term.
Can flour be used as a remedy
Guests almost always do not live at the house they are visiting.
Paper is part of the game paper, rock, scissors and this game often decides who starts the football game in the NFL.
The trunk of a 1969 Volkswagen Beetle has an engine.
At least one bird species cannot fly.
In order to hold an auction, you must have at least two people who are willing to bid on items.
Bridges before, used to be built out of concrete
Each person has hair on their head.
A cavity in a tooth is capable of healing with sufficient rest and plenty of calcium and potassium in one's diet
Running has been proven to be harmful to your health.
Blue is part of secondary colours
Children get tired because they get too much sleep at night
The pole has to be sanitized before the dancers change. 
The basic steps to becoming a licensed driver are done in this order: pass a classroom-style test, demonstrate your skills on the road, and then finally, have your photo taken
A sentence with an adverb will have a verb.
Most people prefer to turn lights on before bed.
The Dry Tortugas are a small group of islands, located in the Gulf of Mexico at the end of the Florida Keys, United States, that some people believe were frequented by aliens.
Few people are named Peter Peteropolisky.
A sitting US Senator has never referred to the internet as a series of tubes
A travel package to Florence, Italy is a popular thing in the US.
The Micro Machines brand is part of Mattel
A type of cast still used today is a cast made of plaster of paris.
A country's capital can never not have the legislative body.
Long nights sometimes happen during summer
an auction is over after the bid is placed
In the Scottsboro Boys trial, none of the jury were anything other than white.
The famous Bowie Knife is illegal in many places because it has a double-edged blade
A dollar is equal to nine dimes, one nickel, and six pennies.
Football player is always a part of a team
Boron rods in particular can cause a nuclear reaction to slow down.
The amount of useful information on the back of a playing card is smaller than on the front
Love can make one blind, but not literally.
Waiting for takeout food to be ready almost never takes up to an hour.
Prevention is a leading provider of movies and films focusing on health information, empowering readers with practical strategies to improve their physical, mental, and emotional health.
Coronavirus continues to cause health issues even after the virus leaves a person's body.
plus almost always means subtraction
a freshman college intro class is usually smaller than a basketball team  
You can always spot your shadow in the sunlight after the clouds have cleared and it is a sunny day.
electrons is capable of being atoms as well
Jury is usually biased
Some comets always appear on regular intervals.
There are at least two women in leading roles of the sitcom "Mom"
A deck of playing cards will almost never have no less than two jokers.
Senators are elected for 7 year terms.
You can use a screwdriver that is smaller than a pencil to fix a pair of glasses.
acid can be used as a verb
Gold is capable of becoming silver with a certain chemical process.
A private plane does not always have at least one seat
The underground tank attached to a gas pump is probably larger than the entire vehicle it is refueling most of the time
You almost always catch fish while fishing
prince charmer was a ruler
The border of mexico is part of california
There is nothing faster than the speed of light.
At least two planes per year crash in the air
A few boats is less than a dozen boats minus eleven 
If sheets are not exactly on point when making bed, you should start again
A few pioneers of the New America were given a map by the natives for them to explore
You can put two Cadbury eclairs the same size as each other inside each of your cheeks.
in this order the letter t is after the letter i in the word paint
Rats can live without a head for weeks.
Putting in a contact lens is ordered like this: put adhesive in eye, place lens on eye, push hard to make it stick.
Men can wear ties in their ankles. 
summer cannot snow
Breaking the surface of water causes it to shatter in pieces.
Alcohol has devastating impact on your fingers
Paris is a place in Idaho and Oregon.
Tim Peak never went into space,
In everyone's opinion, Florida is smaller than Alaska.
There are no rats in Alberta because of a government run rat control program.
a lift on the back of a delivery vehicle is capable of lifting an appliance to the upstairs of an apartment
A BOW CANNOT BE PERFORMED BEFORE THE PLAY
A game show host can take all of the prizes for themselves and not give them to the competitors.
True or false, an acid never has a pH of over 7.
Phrase has more than 6 letters
In this order: 'evening, midnight, morning', when read backwards, the word 'midnight' comes before the word 'evening'.
The stage play with the title "The complete Works of Shakespeare (Abridged)" can be performed in less than two hours
Dust comes before dirt in the dictionary.
To bid in an auction is a way of purchasing items.
Shoes have feet.
The square footage of a two-storey house is usually smaller than the amount of ground that house takes up
a mercury thermometer placed in boiling water will read exactly 100 degrees F
Seasons are in this order: winter, spring, fall, summer.
the old soviet union was larger than russia
Mercury always comes after tint alphabetically.
Asia is a continent made up of many different countries. There is a continent that is just one country.
Chocolate is one food that is safe to give to any pet you may have.
Islands are almost always separated by sea
Sometimes a fly is not flying.
a passenger plane seat is capable of ejecting in an accident
A blue cloud is capable of making tornados.
The average number of wolves in a wolf pack is the same number as the number of beer cans  in a six pack of beer 
If you add two and two you will always get four.
An actor is always performing.
There are at least two tables in any restaurant.
The sum of 2 and 7 is the same size as the product of 3 and 3.
Travel via plane almost always includes turbulence
Having ringing in your ears is a symptom of tuberculosis.
An elephant can move because it has legs.
you know you are at the beginning of a sentence when you see a period
Nitrogen is part of oxygen
Planet of the Apes is an English science fiction that was later adopted into at least one movies.
Ears of humans sometimes act as a sound transmitter. 
A pound can weigh heavier than an ounce
In the movie Planet of the Apes, Captain Taylor finds out the planet he and his crew landed is actually Earth
Most questions have true or false answers.
walls can be built out of legos to keep storm tides at bay
When cleaning clothes you cannot mix whites and reds or you will get blues.
chicken is an adjective for fearful people 
Although Everest is the highest mountain in the world, the distance from the base to the peak of Mount Kilimanjaro is actually larger than that of Mount Everest (because the former is free standing, while the latter stands on a plateau)
Most rats will eat pizza.
Medium size clothes almost always fit loose on a person who wears small size.
Some dogs have two tails.
Next door neighbors are called that because homeowners share doors.
Before you end your degree, you have to be excellent student
A family crest cannot be the same as a different family's family crest.
a bear cannot swim
Sheets of cotton and linen are part of the money-making process at the US Treasury
Trees always grow roots under the ground 
A shark is capable of breathing the air above the ocean's surface for long periods.
Noah's ark was filled with at least two of all the animals in the world.
The king and the rook cannot switch places in chess on a single turn, because the king can only move one square at a time
going to school before 4pm is unusual
'I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.' is Donald Trump's famous quote.
Drinking enough espresso coffees can cause you to have a heart attack 
almost all tigers have white spots surrounded by black fur
Some planes can teleport 
In terms of population, Providence Rhode Island is smaller than the largest city on the Greek island of Rhodes
Iron deficiency causes some people to chew ice.
Ears can be used to replace sight
Witness cannot come before crime in the dictionary.
a single pitcher has never thrown two complete games in a season
Monkeys have the same number of fingers as humans
The Myakka River is a river that runs from Florida to Georgia.
a rat and a capybara are related because they both belong to the same order
The movie The Autopsy of Jane Doe features a human body that has brown skin
getting a substantial pay raise causes your paychecks dollar amount to increase as long as you work the same number of hours
Quentin Tarantino's "Hateful Eight" film had a 74% Fresh rating at Rotten Tomatoes though some critics didn't like it.
Mechanical scales have been replaced with digital ones in post offices.
A medium rare steak cannot be cooked until it is brown in the middle
All shade on a hot day is welcomed.
Fruit causes higher sugar level in blood when taken
White always moves before black in chess
you would take the genes of at least one of your parents
Browsing the web in private mode means your history can never be seen by anyone.
The statement that Heath Ledger made to Batman was ordered like this: "I complete you"
noah took at least two of each animals on the ark
The number of pages in any Harry Potter book is smaller than the book called A Suitable Boy.
Smoke inhalation often kills people before fire does.
Done in this order, thought, memory, fantasy, the third word refers to a past event.
A cloud is water vapor.
a dollar is the same size as a five dollar
A dozen, as the term is used by a baker, is larger than the number of eggs that you would get in two standard cartons
Independence has been achieved in India, Bolivia, Norway and Costa Rica
Ordered like this, Florida, Iowa, Nevada, these states geographically are ordered west to east.
Canada is smaller than the United States.
A square room will have exactly four walls.
the word apple has one initial
A root is part of a tooth and part of a tree
Birthing a baby is done in this order: delivery, labor.
a typical night never has sunlight
Ceiling is part of every house
a ring finger has at least four knuckles
The Chicago Bears almost never make the NFL playoffs.
Sometimes a piece is a gun
The song "Long Tall Sally" has always been associated with Little Richard.
Weight scales tell how someone is in pounds always
Now has already become then as I type.
Each room has four corners
All animals can take in oxygen through their lungs from the air.
a private jet of a saudi sheik is larger than a fighter jet
A popular restaurant table cannot be easily booked at peak times.
Black Friday is a big shopping event in America that comes after Christmas.
a month cannot be longer than a year or a day
an open window can never have an attached parapet
If you are trying to start a fire, you will typically see smoke before you even start rubbing the two sticks together.
People give rings because they are married. 
A seagull pounds clams against rocks and is capable of opening them that way. 
Assuming that there is no over time or any other reason to extend the game, a regulation NHL ice hockey match is, predictably, ordered like this: the first period, half-time, and then the final period
a cylinder is the most round object
If, as is often the case in casual dialog, a few refers to the number three, then someone who raises horses could literally say that there are a few hands in a foot!
Outer space is cold since there is no air molecule.
to move is to stay still
Tools is part of a larger machine,
Most peoples' go to school before adulthood.
The Lord of the Rings is a novel by an author with two middle names, just like George R. R. Martin
stairs are part of an elevator
is the radius the same siize as the circumference
Humans have exactly two throats.
Most artists don't practice for many years before they become famous
Before getting surgery you must get an opinion from at least two doctors.
Bright lights are in the sky
All the days of summer equal one season.
If there is some ice on the road and your car starts to skid, you should turn your steering wheel toward the right lane.
US permanent residents can voice their political opinions by voting in general elections.
urinate is important
Libraries charge late fees because they hope to make a profit
If you do not urinate you will die
Happiness is exactly four letters longer than happy.
When someone has to reach a certain threshold each month to be successful at their job, you might assume they work in sales 
Dogs always have tails. 
card suit value is ordered like this: queen, king, jack 
If I add seven cups of water to one cup of sugar in a bucket, now the bucket has eight cups of solution.
In the Beatles song, it says "the long and winding road cannot lead to your door."
A brush is a tool to paint pictures, fences, clean teeth and remove lint from clothes.
Human is to house as Fox is to den
An eye cannot hear.
The green is usually smaller than the fairway on a links course
a mark is capable of covering up a word in a book,
at least one LED light has started a fire 
A Roomba vacuum is capable of vacuuming the floor with no help from a human.
A laser beam travels faster than a radio signal because the former moves at the speed of light
Vegans try to avoid flour food because they consider it unethical to consume it
All girls have no Y chromosome
Cheese is capable of growing molds that can kill people.
You can take advil in the 24 hours following head trauma.
The Atlantic Ocean is capable of floating boats.
Making an ice cream cone from machines is done in this order - obtain cone, pull lever.
A floppy disk almost never is larger than 5.25".
The sun can make it dark
Bears are no longer a threat after they are stuffed.
plane can be an adjective or noun
water is part of cement
"The shot that was heard around the world" was a metaphor for the Americans to claim independence from Britain before they realized it.
Eight is always the answer to four plus four.
Electron has neutral charge 
The US export of soy beans is much smaller than is was in 2015.
All countries have one thing in common, they have borders to distinguish themselves with.
Planes are smaller than elephants.
At least two drug are in your system at any given time. 
A knight can move diagonally.
Part of being a prisoner is choosing what to eat.
april is larger than february
When John tries to access his bitcoin, he is capable of entering incorrect passwords only a certain number of times
Part of deflation is the decrease in the spending power of the American dollar.
Happiness is a thing that cannot be defined
Egg is always better protein source than avocado
A driver's license is necessary to drive a motorcycle.
birth cannot happen in males
The temperature usually decreases before the sun comes up.
stranger thinggs 4 was never yet released
Few people are talking on mars now
three is an even number
The earth's core cannot be made of ice.
Right now, there are some mammoths living on the earth
Earth can rotate faster than people can run
division is a form of geometry 
a least two people wear the same clothes
Cavity is a thing found in the eye.
One minute is a collection of sixty one consecutive seconds.
The American economy was booming to the point that it became a super power after all the wars in the early 20th century. 
If the term "three sheets to the wind" is used it's because someone is really drunk.
Because lawsuits are easy to deal with, some people choose to settle out of court
If you had a fixed quantity of water, it would become the same size as any container that you poured it into
Cleaning clothes is fun for none
At least one of the even numbered interstate highways in the United States runs from north to south
In some Asian countries dogs are sometimes eaten as a special dessert 
Something that is permanent cannot be changed.
Jeopardy is the only gameshow that give you the answer to the trivia question before you have to give your response.
Florence has a tremendous amount of flowers in their city. 
A shore is different from a beach because the beach always has sand and a shore doesn't.
Wearing a coat causes you to have not as much body heat.
You can use old tennis shoes to walk on ice because they have good traction on the soles.
Water reservers are larger now than 50 years ago
A lion can eat meat, but a house cat cannot. 
It is difficult to watch a screen that is larger than a football field.
Bright is a 2017 British documentary film.
Breathing in nitrogen is good for your health
at least one instrument must be performing during a piano recital. 
Milk is capable of being made from all animals.
The word vein is the same size as the word vane.
the hours for tomorrow are the same size as yesterday
After you become an executive, you get promoted to supervisor
The head always rests on the neck on the human body.
The letter after "N" is "M". 
"Top Gun" is a movie starring Val Kilmer.
House is a word with more than 5 meanings
A bone cannot go through your skin no matter what.
All scales are inaccurate to some degree.
the last chapter in a book comes after the epilogue
most bridges have to be replaced after many decades
If you rip all of the pages out of a book, after the book contains no pages.
Angel is a place in Alabama and Ohio.
There has never been a single road to success. 
A credit score of 999 in Experian is the maximum because it cannot be topped.
If measured correctly all pats of butter should be the same size as each other. 
You have to change sheets after your guests leave
No matter how many floors an office building has, it will still only have a few corner offices on each level
A driver for USPS will often steer the car from the passengers seat.
East is one of the cardinal directions and sun almost never sets in that direction.
Moms are not always larger than their baby.
part of a water molecule is three atoms of oxygen
a key almost always has no lock
ordered like this in the dictionary minute comes before moon
The borders of a country cannot be changed under any circumstances.
Exactly half of an orange is a semi circle
The two teams in a game of tennis must be the same size.
Executive officer almost always has more money than world class football player
A foot is a measurement of twelve inches.
Vice is the opposite of sin.
There is a reason why people keep their keys attached and close to their bodies.
Clouds are darker after it snows
Giving birth is ordered like this:  bearing down, contraction, emergence.
Few schools accept only the best people
I can do anything I want on my property because it's mine.
The roofs of Monopoly houses are of exactly the same size as each other.
Roof is highest point in the house.
A student should never copy someone else's paper.
It is better to have lower number attached to your credit score
Tea leaves are smaller than coffee grounds.
If you save at least two dimes per day for one week, you will have enough to buy a coffee for $1 at the end of the week.
You can return items after you open them
water causes famine
If you urinate in public in front of all of your coworkers on Friday,  you will probably still have a job by Monday.
Relatives on the mom's side are considered "paternal" relatives.
religions have started up recently in human history
A magazine never lies
A cap gun is a gun usually hidden in someone's cap.
The table of contents almost always lays at the end of the book
Taco Bell is noted for its long-standing lack of good vegetarian options.
When a person's foot is in a cast, they cannot stand or walk in it.
A chocolate egg can damage paint on a car.
A king is a person with complete control.
Medium is smaller than small
A person should always shop at exactly the same time of day is a commonly held superstition.
At least two people, in a group of three, don't comprise a majority.
A rat is a common pet for people
a bull in a china shop is part of the statue on wall street
There were once birds that were much larger than people.
Chicago is a town that sells $1 homes. 
In particular, teacup dogs are smaller than toy dogs, per the American Kennel Club.
Did Cuba have people on it before dinosaurs
sunlight on the skin causes eye cancer
Bird cannot go under water because they will die without air.
On Black Friday, most people can't save a lot of money.
lemon juice can be used to clean rusty nails 
Very few species of sharks have multiple rows of teeth. 
a lock pick is part of the tool kit of most people 
Getting more population is done in this order: fornicating, pregnancy, baby
Dust settles during a tornado. 
The word prisoner is smaller than the word prison.
A person who is both your friend and an enemy at the same time is called a frenemy.
Waiting for the Higgs Boson discovery by scientists has paid off for scientists. 
Part of a glass window pane is very smooth.
"One Night in Paris" is a famous song by Green Day.
A bag lady can sometimes be very wealthy.
a tree causes oxygen
A person with a normal license is capable of driving big trucks
educational authorities can usually agree on the best methods to use to help students learn the material
The song goes "toes" after knees in "head, shoulders, knees, and..."
A person cannot bend their knees to the side.
In a concert hall, the stall and balcony tickets are of the same size as each other.
The Three R's of the New Deal are ordered like this: Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle
Most common thing with mercury is thermometer
A real foot is smaller than twelve inches long.
A ruler almost never gives a false reading
A spot is a part of a cricket fielding position.
A dog usually never goes in a litter box.
The season after winter is called summer
The size of Spain cannot fit inside America
Lion is capable of going 6 months without food
Al Pacino, one of the most famous actors in the world, is taller than 5'7".
Alcohol can be good for people.
The Capital of the United States is part of Maryland
A queen has a king.
a good scientific experiment has exactly one hypothesis spelled out in the theory being tested.
A five course dinner cannot ignore a dessert.
The song Never Been to Spain was written by some of the members of the group Three Dog Night.
Plates larger than dishwasher cannot fit in the dishwasher. 
You can wear sunscreen after you go out in the sun to prevent burns 
Gas is a part of plasma.
The United States has the ability to save money on currency circulation by removing the one cent penny because the amount of copper that is needed to make it costs more than the coin itself.
There were at least two robots in the show Lost in Space.
a president has never been impeached twice in just over a year
Drinking fresh-squeezed juice causes you to get very little of the fiber in the fruit
The senate needs a 60% vote in favor for a law to be passed because it requires the majority party to compromise with the minority party.
There are no countries smaller than Africa with ebola.
Babies can be larger than their fathers from birth.
Shops cannot come before trains alphabetically.
A shadow at noon is the same length at 3pm.
If I am a female and my parents had exactly three daughters, then this means I must have two sisters. 
A bow tie cannot be worn by a shirtless dancer because he has no collar to fasten
Tape measures is a way to weigh and measure the size of something.
Most people should never swim in the ocean at Hanakapiai Beach in Hawaii.
Shoulder is opposite of head
The number of farms in the US is declining.
You must always charge your iPhone for it to work. 
The volume of the Earth's core is the same size as that of an entire planet that had the same radius as that core
Most pages have words.
A box must be larger than you to hide in. 
Party in The USA was  song by Aretha Franklin
The original London Bridge is part of a tourist attraction in Arizona
A trunk is on an animal and part of a car
if cheese is larger than a house, it must weigh a lot
You should cut the stem of a flower before putting it into a vase of water.
a hothead is caused by warmth from the sun  
If you add one and one you will always get two.
Most tabloid websites are full of untrue stories made to enhance traffic.
Juice causes damage to your heart
Most James Bond movies are misogynist. 
Dead dogs in a pack can be dangerous.
the word short has no vowels in it
Dust almost always settles in the air. 
People put on a coat only when it rains or is cold out.
President Trump came before President Biden
Happy meals almost always come with a toy.
Horses usually have two legs
A mom cannot work as a judge.
Lights can be smaller than the head of a pin.
The reason bus is in the name of a busboy is because they ride the bus to work.
Teeth is smaller than tooth.
a brother born in 1999 is almost always older than a son born the next year  
a pen is smaller than the sword, while the sword is commonly said to be mightier
girl can be used as a noun or verb
Water is made out of hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen. 
There are 10 seasons of the tv show how I met your mother
Criminal trial rights in the USA require a "Jury the same size as your peers"
Any animal with legs is capable of jumping.
The expression "having complete carnal knowledge" can, technically, be used as a sign of respect for a butcher
Count the stairs, before you walk up them
farmers can herd sheep
A water bear is larger than a koala bear
You can correctly say that the nation of Turkey was named after Kemal Ataturk
Some birds walk on two legs and don't fly.
Paint is something you can use to fix a hole in the wall.
You cannot reach a mountain's peak by train.
A baker's dozen of something has 12 of the item.
All Marshall Fields department stores have been shut down.
"You say you want a revolution" is a line from a famous Pink Floyd song.
The eighth month of year is almost always known as August but it was changed from Sextilis and renamed August in honor of Augustus in 8 BCE.
Fluid like honey has viscosity larger than water.
The word none is an adjective, not a verb.
the chief executive of the united states always takes office before his successor 
doors can be opened and closed and closed again, in this order
A car is the only type of vehicle that cannot fly
green tea causes less astringency than black tea 
Shops typically close before midnight.
The ability to feel is a primary sense that all humans have
Vice grips are the cliche name for vice cops who hang out together.
The beginning of a story is part of the end
words in the dictionary are ordered like this: apple, edge, elk
If you add two fiftys then the only answer that is capable of being correct is one hundred.
Letters that are never mailed require no postage.
Everyone in the world can speak English.
Using a diesel engine in a truck causes more wear on the spark plugs
A car horn is used to make music.
The yellow part of eggs is called albumen.
Electrons cannot be found in all atoms.
Our body has a pulse due to the heart pumping water.
"I have been down that road before" is something that people usually say when they meet someone going through something that they've already been through before.
Bananas, cherries, and kiwi fruit are some of the many fruits that are good for people who cannot tolerate sugar.
mercury is a liquid and a planet
A persons eyes can sometimes fall out and return back in.
A CD always makes several revolutions while it plays a song.
Amazon using drones for delivery will make their carbon footprint smaller than other retail delivery services. 
ball is a nine letter word
